Nanoveu Limited
Appendix 4E
Preliminary final report

1. Company Details

For personal use onlyName of entity:       Nanoveu Limited

                     ABN:                  97 624 421 085

                     Reporting period: For the year ended 31 December 2025

                     Previous period:      For the year ended 31 December 2024

                     2. Results for Announcement to the Market

                       2.1 Revenue from ordinary activities                     up  4,230%               to        2025
                                                                                                                  $'000
                       2.2  Loss from ordinary activities after tax             up  167%                 to
                                                                                                                    298
                            attributable to members
                                                                                                                  7,601
                       2.3  Net loss for the period attributable to             up  167%                 to
                                                                                                                  7,601
                            members                                                                          0.92 cents

                       2.4 Loss per share                                       up  46%                  at

                       2.5 Comments
                                  The loss for the consolidated entity after providing for income tax amounted to $7,601,225 (31
                                  December 2024: $2,851,971).

                     3. Net Tangible Assets                                         Reporting period         Previous period
                      Net tangible asset/(deficiency) per ordinary security                     $0.0016                $0.0007

                     4 Control gained or lost over entities having material effect

                       Controlled Entities                    Country of            Ownership Interest       Ownership Interest
                                                             Incorporation                   2025                     2024
                       Parent Entity
                         Nanoveu Ltd                                 Australia      100%                                          100%

                       Subsidiaries                              Singapore          100%                                          100%
                         Nanoveu Pte Ltd                          Malaysia          100%                                          100%
                         Nanoveu Sdn Bhd                     Hongkong, China        51%                                           51%
                         Fullveu Technology (HK) Ltd              Australia         100%
                         Nanoveu EMASS Pty Ltd                   Singapore          100%                                           0%
                         Embedded A.I. Systems Pte Ltd                              100%                                           0%
                         Embedded A.I. Systems Inc                  USA                                                            0%
5. Dividends

        Current period
        There were no dividends paid, recommended or declared during the current reporting period.

        Previous period
        There were no dividends paid, recommended or declared during the previous reporting period.

For personal use only6. Dividend Reinvestment Plans
                             Not applicable.

                     7. Material interest in entities which are not controlled entities
                             Not applicable.

                     8. Foreign Entities

                             This report includes the following foreign subsidiaries:

                              Nanoveu Pte Ltd, registered in Singapore;
                              Fullveu Technologies (HK) Limited, registered in Hong Kong China;
                              Nanoveu Sdn Bhd., registered in Malaysia;
                              Embedded A.I. Systems Pte Ltd, registered in Singapore; and
                              Embedded A.I. Systems Inc, registered in USA.

                     9. Audit qualification or review
                             The financial statements have been audited and an unmodified opinion has been issued.

                     10. Attachments
                               The Annual Financial Report of Nanoveu Limited for the year ended 31 December 2025 is attached.

                       Signed by:                                                        Date: 27 February 2026
                       Name:
                                   Alfred Chong
                                   Managing Director & CEO
For personal use only
For personal use onlyIndex                                                                    Nanoveu Limited

                     Company Directory                                                                           2
                     Directors' Report                                                                           3
                     Remuneration Report                                                                        13
                     Auditor's Independence Declaration                                                         20
                     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                    21
                     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                               22
                     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                       23
                     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                24
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                             26
                     Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement                                                   45
                     Directors' Declaration                                                                     46
                     Independent Auditor's Report                                                               47
                     ASX Additional Information                                                                 51

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                   1
For personal use onlyCompany Directory                                                                    Nanoveu Limited

                     Directors                                 Registered Office
                     Dr David Pevcic                           Level 45
                     Executive Chairman                        108 St Georges Terrace
                                                               PERTH WA 6000
                     Mr Alfred Chong
                     Managing Director                         Tel: +61 8 6244 9095

                     Mr Steven Apedaile                        Web Address
                     Non-Executive Director                    www.nanoveu.com

                     Mr Mohamed Sabry Aly                      ASX Code:
                     Non-Executive Director                    NVU

                     Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chan                  ABN:
                     Executive Director                        97 624 421085
                                                               Auditors
                     Chief Financial Officer                   BDO Audit Pty Ltd
                     Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chen                  Level 9
                                                               Mia Yellagonga Tower 2
                     Company Secretary                         5 Spring Street
                     Mr Harry Spindler                         Perth WA 6000

                     Share Registry                            Solicitors
                     Automic Registry Services                 Steinepreis Paganin
                     Level 5                                   Level 14, QV1
                     191 St Georges Terrace                    250 St Georges Terrace
                     PERTH WA 6000                             Perth WA 6000

                     Tel (within Australia): 1300 288 664
                     Tel (outside Australia): +61 2 8072 1400
                     Email: hello@automic.com.au

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025    2
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     Your Directors submit the financial report of Nanoveu Limited ("NVU", "Nanoveu", or the "Company") and
                     its controlled entities (the "Group", or the "Consolidated Entity") for the year ended 31 December 2025.
                     All amounts are presented in Australian Dollars (AU$), unless noted otherwise.
                     DIRECTORS
                     The names of directors who held office during or since the end of the financial period and until the date of this
                     report are as follows. Directors were in office for the entire financial period unless otherwise stated.

                       Name, qualifications,         Experience
                       independence status and
                       special responsibilities      Dr David Pevcic is an experienced corporate professional and investor,
                                                     with a principal focus on the resources and technology sectors. He is
                       Dr David Pevcic               the Non-Executive Chairman of ASX listed Infini Resources Ltd
                       (BSc,BMedicine,BSugery)       (ASX:I88), Non-Executive Chairman of Battery Age Minerals Ltd
                       Executive Chairman            (ASX:BM8) and founder of several privately owned mineral and
                       Appointed 3rd February 2023   technology ventures. Dr Pevcic Holds a Bachelor of Science, Bachelor
                                                     of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery from the University of Western
                                                     Australia.
                                                     Other ASX listed company directorships in the past 3 years:
                                                     -Battery Age Minerals Limited (2 February 2023 to present)
                                                     -Infini Resources Limited (15 January 2024 to present)

                       Mr Alfred Chong               Alfred is the Founder of Nanoveu. He has a history of building
                       (BSc Comp Science, MBA)       companies and executing trade sales in California and Singapore. Alfred
                       Managing Director and CEO     moved back to Asia in 1997 and was the Asia Pacific CEO for Atex
                       Appointed 14th February 2018  Media Command, a global provider of solutions and services to the
                                                     media industry; CEO for THISS Technologies Inc, a satellite
                       Mr Steven Apedaile            communications company; CEO for 121View, a digital signage
                       (FCA: MAICD)                  company; and CMO at 3D International before founding Nanoveu.
                       Independent Non-executive
                       Director                      The Singapore American Business Association in the United States
                       Appointed 14th May 2018       named Alfred Entrepreneur of the Year and the San Francisco Chronicle
                                                     named Alfred as one of the twenty foreign-born high technology
                                                     "visionaries" who have helped to make the San Francisco Bay Area the
                                                     world's technology centre. Alfred received both his Bachelor of Science
                                                     in Computer Science and his master's in business administration from
                                                     the University of San Francisco.

                                                     Other ASX listed company directorships in the past 3 years: None

                                                     Steve has worked in the accounting profession for over 30 years, 25 of
                                                     which were spent in Hong Kong with the first 7 years with KPMG Hong
                                                     Kong and then 18 years with Horwath Hong Kong. Steven has
                                                     experience in all facets of international business, corporate finance and
                                                     forensic accounting services.

                                                     Steve is the Executive Chairman of Sprintex Limited (ASX: SIX) and is
                                                     a Fellow of the UK Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
                                                     Wales and is a Member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

                                                     ASX listed company directorships in the past 3 years:

                                                     -Sprintex Limited (16 April 2021 to present)

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  3
                                                             Nanoveu Limited

For personal use only  Name, qualifications,              Experience
                       independence status and
                       special responsibilities           Dr. Michael Winlo has extensive experience in leading high-growth
                                                          teams across the healthcare, biotech, pharmaceutical and technology
                       Dr Michael Winlo                   sectors, and is currently an Executive Director of Emyria Limited (ASX:
                       (MBBS, MBA)                        EMD).
                       Independent Non-executive          Michael is also a former Director and CEO of Linear Clinical Research,
                       Director                           a world-class provider of early and late-stage pharmaceutical trials.
                       Ceased 1 December 2025             Prior to this he was the Health Lead for Palantir Technologies (Silicon
                                                          Valley), one of the world's largest big data companies. There, he led
                                                          deployments for health and government organisations across the US and
                                                          UK.
                                                          Other ASX listed company directorships in the past 3 years:
                                                          -Emyria Limited (November 2019 to present)
                                                          -DaorsaVi Limited (October 2023 to present)

                       Mr Mohamed Sabry Aly               Mohamed M. Sabry Aly is the Founder of EMASS and a recognised
                       (PhD)                              leader in embedded artificial intelligence and semiconductor
                       Founder and Director               technologies. He founded EMASS while serving as an Associate
                                                          Professor at Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore. Mr
                       Appointed 1st December 2025        Aly has played a key role in shaping Singapore's deep-tech ecosystem,
                                                          including serving as Task Force Lead for the Economic Development
                                                          Board's (EDB) Future of Microelectronics (FME) initiative.

                                                          A former postdoctoral researcher at Stanford University, Mr Aly has
                                                          authored over 100 peer-reviewed publications and has secured more than
                                                          SGD 40 million in competitive research funding. His research
                                                          contributions include involvement in DARPA's 3DSoC program under
                                                          the USD 1.5 billion Electronics Resurgence Initiative, reflecting his
                                                          strong track record in advanced microelectronics and semiconductor
                                                          innovation.

                                                          Other ASX listed company directorships in the past 3 years: None

                       Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chen           Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chen is a seasoned financial professional with
                       Chief Financial Officer appointed  more than a decade of experience across ASX-listed and private
                       4 February 2025                    enterprises. His expertise spans financial management, financial control,
                                                          planning and analysis, investor relations, capital raising, treasury
                       Director appointed 1 December      management and corporate transactions.
                       2025
                                                          Prior to joining the Company, Mr Chen held senior roles at several
                                                          prominent ASX-listed companies, including Iluka Resources Ltd (ASX:
                                                          ILU), NRW Holdings Ltd (ASX: NRW) and Equinox Resources Limited
                                                          (ASX: EQN). He has also worked with unlisted entities such as Harmony
                                                          Agriculture and Food Company Pty Ltd and began his career with
                                                          KPMG in its audit division.

                                                          Mr Chen holds a Master of Business Administration from the University
                                                          of Cambridge Judge Business School.

                                                          Other ASX listed company directorships in the past 3 years: None

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                 4
                                                                                                         Nanoveu Limited

                       Company Secretary

                       Ms Naomi Haydari             Naomi Haydari acted as the Company Secretary and Chief Financial
                                                    Officer until her resignation on 4 February 2025.
                       Acted as CFO and Company
For personal use only  Secretary

                       Resigned 4 February 2025

                       Mr Harry Spindler            Mr Spindler is an experienced corporate professional with a broad range
                       Appointed 4th February 2025  of corporate governance and capital markets experience spanning 23
                                                    years. Previously he held various company secretary positions and has
                                                    been involved with several public company listings, merger and
                                                    acquisitions transactions and capital raisings for ASX-listed companies.
                                                    Mr Spindler is a member of Chartered Accountants Australia and New
                                                    Zealand and a member of the Financial Services Institute of Australia.

                     Directors' interests

                     As at the date of this report, the interests of the Directors in the Company were:

                       Dr David Pevcic              Number of Fully Paid       Number of                 Number of Unlisted
                       Mr Alfred Chong                 Ordinary Shares    Performance Rights                    Options
                       Mr Steven Apedaile                 58,218,973
                       Dr Mohamed Sabry Aly               48,416,020           5,000,000                      17,990,075
                       Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chen            4,540,350           5,700,000                            -
                                                         102,936,352           5,030,000                            -
                                                            175,709            49,752,570                           -

                                                                                     -                          80,645

                     Directors' Meetings

                     The number of meetings of Directors held during the financial period and the number of meetings attended by
                     each Director was as follows:

                       Name                                  Number of meetings                          Number of meetings
                                                               eligible to attend                               attended
                       Dr David Pevcic                                   6                                           6
                       Mr Alfred Chong                                   6                                           6
                       Mr Steven Apedaile                                6                                           6
                       Dr Michael Winlo                                  6                                           6
                       Mr Mohamed Sabry Aly                              -                                           -
                       Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chen                          -                                           -

                     DIVIDENDS
                     No dividends have been paid or declared since the start of the financial period and the Directors do not
                     recommend the payment of a dividend in respect of the financial period.

                     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                     The principal activities of the Group during the year were the development and commercialisation of advanced
                     technologies across semiconductor systems, visualisation software and material science.

                     During the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the Company's principal activities were conducted through
                     the following operating divisions:

                          Embedded A.I. Systems (EMASS) (Semiconductor Technology)
                              EMASS is a pioneering technology company specialising in the design and development of advanced
                              systems-on-chip (SoC) solutions. These SoCs enable ultra-low-power, AI-driven processing for smart
                              devices, IoT applications, and 3D content transformation. With its industry-leading technology,

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                  5
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                              EMASS aims to empower a wide range of industries with efficient, scalable AI capabilities for the
                              rapidly growing edge computing markets.

                          EyeFly3D (Nanotechnology and Software)
                              EyeFly3DTM is Nanoveu's proprietary display enhancement technology, enabling glasses-free 3D
                              visualization on mobile and consumer display devices. Combining advanced nanostructure optics with
                              AI-driven software, EyeFly3DTM enhances depth perception and immersion for applications in the
                              global mobile content, entertainment, e-commerce and gaming markets.

                          Nanoshield (Materials Science and Coatings)
                              NanoshieldTM is a solar-optimized protective coating technology designed to enhance the efficiency
                              and durability of photovoltaic (PV) panels. The technology helps mitigate biofilm formation, algae
                              growth, and environmental degradation, seeking to improve long-term solar energy output and
                              maintenance efficiency. By leveraging advanced material science, NanoshieldTM is designed to
                              provide a cost-effective solution for solar farm operators, renewable energy projects, and industrial
                              PV applications.

                     OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

                     Review of Operations

                     The financial year ended 31 December 2025 represented a transformational period for Nanoveu, marked by its
                     strategic expansion into the semiconductor industry following the acquisition of Embedded A.I. Systems Pte.
                     Ltd. ("EMASS") in March 2025. Throughout the year, the Company progressed its Edge AI semiconductor
                     roadmap, strengthened technical validation through benchmarking and system-level testing, expanded OEM
                     and partner engagement, and secured funding to support advanced-node silicon development and commercial
                     readiness.

                     In parallel, the EyeFly3DTM and NanoshieldTM divisions continued to progress customer engagement, field
                     trials and product development initiatives aligned with the Company's broader commercialisation strategy.

                     Operations Summary

                     Semiconductor Division ­ EMASS

                     Strategic Expansion into Edge AI Semiconductors

                     On 18 March 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of Embedded A.I. Systems Pte. Ltd. ("EMASS"),
                     marking the Company's formal entry into the global semiconductor market with a focus on ultra-low-power
                     Edge AI computing.

                     EMASS operates as a fabless semiconductor company and holds proprietary intellectual property spanning
                     AI-optimised SoC architectures, ultra-low-power control frameworks, embedded software and development
                     toolchains. Its ECS-DoT architecture is designed to perform real-time AI inference at sub-milliwatt power
                     levels, addressing a key limitation of conventional AI processors in battery-powered and energy-constrained
                     devices.

                     Silicon Development and Technology Progress

                     During the year, EMASS advanced two complementary silicon programs to support near-term evaluation and
                     long-term commercial deployment:

                     22nm ECS-DoT Platform
                     The existing 22nm ECS-DoT SoC remained under active evaluation during the year, supporting OEM
                     sampling, system-level testing and application development across multiple Edge AI use cases. Manufacturing
                     runs of the 22nm device enabled customer evaluation programs, reference designs and benchmarking activities,
                     providing a commercial bridge toward next-generation silicon.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  6
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     16nm ECS-DoT Program
                     Significant progress was achieved during 2025 on the next-generation 16nm ECS-DoT SoC. Development
                     advanced through architecture optimisation, design verification, synthesis and physical design, representing a
                     major inflection point in the Company's semiconductor roadmap. The 16nm program targets increased logic
                     density, expanded on-chip memory, improved memory bandwidth and deeper system integration, while
                     preserving EMASS's ultra-low-power operating envelope.

                     Development was executed by a distributed engineering team across Singapore, Cairo and the United States,
                     covering digital, analog, embedded software and AI toolchain disciplines. Tape-out of the 16nm ECS-DoT
                     SoC was completed shortly after the year end, with fabrication commencing at Taiwan Semiconductor
                     Manufacturing Company Limited (TSMC).

                     Performance Validation and Drone Energy Efficiency

                     Throughout the year, EMASS conducted extensive performance validation of its ECS-DoT architecture using
                     simulation, hardware-in-the-loop testing and system-level benchmarking. Results demonstrated substantial
                     energy-efficiency improvements across multiple AI workloads, including anomaly detection, keyword spotting
                     and always-on inference tasks.

                     Drone-based evaluations demonstrated materially extended flight endurance compared to conventional
                     architectures, achieved without changes to batteries, propulsion systems or airframes. Average simulated
                     endurance improvements of approximately 60% were observed, with peak gains reported up to 85%, validating
                     ECS-DoT's ability to deliver closed-loop AI control at ultra-low power levels.

                     These results supported the advancement of patent filings during the year covering aspects of EMASS's energy
                     modelling framework and AI-enabled flight-control technology.

                     Live Validation and System Integration

                     Building on simulation and lab-based results, EMASS progressed system integration and preparation for live
                     drone testing during the year. Activities included hardware integration, control-loop verification and test
                     planning to support real-world validation of ECS-DoT's ultra-low-power AI capabilities across UAV
                     platforms. Live flight trials commenced shortly after the end of the reporting period.

                     Commercialisation and OEM Engagement

                     During the year, the Company established a dedicated semiconductor sales and representation network in the
                     United States to support OEM engagement, evaluation programs and early design-in discussions. OEM
                     engagement focused on applications across drones, wearables, industrial IoT and embedded sensing platforms,
                     with emphasis on differentiation in latency, power consumption and multi-sensor AI processing.

                     Customer engagement was supported by evaluation boards, reference designs and software development kits
                     designed to reduce integration complexity and accelerate time-to-deployment.

                     Strategic Partnerships and Ecosystem Development

                     During 2025, EMASS strengthened its semiconductor ecosystem through strategic collaborations with global
                     technology and distribution partners.

                     The Company advanced a collaboration with Arrow Electronics, aligning Arrow's global engineering,
                     distribution and supply-chain capabilities with EMASS's ECS-DoT platform. The collaboration focused on
                     evaluation boards, developer tools and reference designs to accelerate adoption of ultra-low-power Edge AI
                     solutions.

                     EMASS also entered into a strategic collaboration with Semtech to integrate ECS-DoT SoCs with Semtech's
                     LoRa® transceivers. The collaboration targets long-range, battery-efficient intelligent sensing applications,
                     including predictive maintenance and acoustic event detection, providing OEMs with scalable reference
                     architectures for industrial and IoT markets.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  7
                                                             Nanoveu Limited

Leadership and Organisational Capability

For personal use onlyTo support the scale-up and commercialisation of its semiconductor activities, the Company appointed Mr
                     Mark Goranson as Chief Executive Officer of the Semiconductor Technologies division in January 2025. Mr
                     Goranson brings more than 40 years of semiconductor industry experience, including senior leadership roles
                     at Intel, ON Semiconductor and TE Connectivity.

                     Mr Goranson works alongside EMASS founder and Chief Technology Officer, Professor Mohamed Sabry Aly,
                     to advance silicon execution, OEM engagement and strategic partnerships, with a focus on transitioning
                     EMASS from advanced R&D into commercial deployment.

                     The EMASS System-On-Chip (SOC) architecture is optimized for AI inference tasks, delivering higher
                     performance per Watt than traditional solutions. EMASS technology is designed to power applications in IoT,
                     smart infrastructure, wearables, and embedded AI systems.

                     EyeFly3DTM

                     During the year, EyeFly3DTM continued to progress its glasses-free 3D visualisation platform through
                     refinement of AI-driven 2D-to-3D conversion algorithms and expansion of customer discussions in Asia.
                     Development activities focused on improving real-time performance, device compatibility and exploring
                     pathways for future hardware acceleration, licensing opportunities and a more focused B2B strategy of
                     partnering with companies with substantive content that can be delivered in glasses free 3D.

                     NanoshieldTM

                     During the year, NanoshieldTM continued its transition toward renewable energy applications with field trials
                     of solar-optimised coatings progressing in high-temperature and arid environments. The technology is
                     designed to reduce surface fouling, mitigate environmental degradation and improve long-term energy output
                     of solar assets. Discussions with industry participants continued to support future commercial deployment.

                     Corporate Developments

                     Board and Management Changes

                     During the year, the Company strengthened its Board and executive leadership to support its expanded
                     technology focus.

                     In January 2025, Mr Mark Goranson was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Semiconductor
                     Technologies division, bringing extensive global experience in semiconductor commercialisation and
                     operations.

                     Effective 4 February 2025, Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chen was appointed Chief Financial Officer, and Mr Harry
                     Spindler was appointed Company Secretary, replacing Ms Naomi Haydari, who resigned on 4th February 2025.

                     In December 2025, Professor Mohamed Sabry Aly was appointed as a non-executive director, and Mr Siyuan
                     (Raymond) Chen was appointed as an executive director, further strengthening the Board's technical, financial
                     and governance capabilities. Dr Michael Winlo resigned as a non-executive director during the year to focus
                     on other business commitments.

                     Other Corporate Matters

                     There were no other material corporate developments during the financial year ended 31 December 2025, other
                     than those disclosed elsewhere in this report or in the notes to the financial statements.

                     Significant changes in the state of affairs

                     There have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Company to the date of this report, not
                     otherwise disclosed in this report.

                     REVIEW OF FINANCIAL CONDITION

                     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group reported a loss before tax from continuing operations of
                     $7,601,225 (2024: $2,846,367) and cash at bank of $1,807,712(2024: $498,303).

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  8
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     BUSINESS RISK

                     The Group, as a technology company, is exposed to inherent commercial, development and funding
                     risks that may materially impact its operations and financial performance. Key risks to which the
                     Group is exposed include:

                     EMASS

                          Capital-Intensive Market Entry: The semiconductor industry is highly capital-intensive, requiring
                              significant investment in R&D, prototyping, and manufacturing before generating revenue. Processes
                              such as chip design, tapeouts, and testing incur substantial upfront costs, making commercialization a
                              resource-intensive endeavor.

                          Manufacturing & Supply Chain Dependencies: As a fabless semiconductor company, Nanoveu
                              depends on external foundries and semiconductor manufacturers. Securing reliable supply chain
                              partners is critical for production stability.

                          AI & Computing Demands: The Edge AI market is rapidly changing, with continuous improvements
                              in AI chip design and energy efficiency. Nanoveu must maintain an aggressive R&D approach to
                              remain ahead of technological advancements.

                     EyeFly3D TM
                          Market Uncertainty: While EyeFly3DTM has gained traction in South Korea and India, its global
                              rollout will require significant time and resources, and there is no certainty regarding market
                              acceptance for 3D in new territories.
                          Focus on B2B: With the migration to a B2B approach, the sales cycle and ensuing trials have been
                              extended. Whilst these trials have shown substantive opportunities, translating these opportunities into
                              sales remains a challenge.
                          Hardware & Software Integration Risks: The EyeFly3DTM platform consists of both hardware
                              (screen protector) and proprietary software. While hardware could be replicated, the software is
                              proprietary, ensuing proprietary algorithms will be more difficult to replicate.
                          3D Fatigue: Some users have complained that extensive use of glasses free 3D can cause eye strain.
                              In order to mitigate this, the company has now tuned down the 3D effect to allow a subtle and yet
                              differentiating experience.

                     NanoshieldTM
                          Performance Variability Across Environments: The Company's solar coatings are still in early-
                              stage commercial testing and may demonstrate different performance characteristics in varied
                              geographic conditions. Data from ongoing field trials in the EMEA region will be crucial in refining
                              product effectiveness
                          Customer Adoption & Warranty Restrictions: Some solar panel manufacturers may be hesitant to
                              approve coatings on new panels due to warranty concerns. While aging panels (3-5 years old) represent
                              a significant market, overcoming OEM approval barriers remains a challenge
                          Increasing Competition & Market Evolution: The solar coatings industry is expected to expand as
                              aging solar installations require efficiency improvements. New entrants could apply competitive
                              pressure, necessitating continued R&D and innovation to maintain a market-leading position.
                          Dependencies on its partners. The Company has recently signed a partnership in the USA.
                              Subsequently relying on a key partner, although mitigates some technology risks will invariably mean
                              risk should the partner fail in their technical endeavours.

                     Cybersecurity and data protection risks

                     The Group relies on information technology systems to support its semiconductor development activities,
                     customer engagements, intellectual property management and financial reporting processes. Cybersecurity
                     incidents, including unauthorised access, data breaches, ransomware attacks or system disruptions, may result
                     in operational interruptions, loss of confidential information, reputational damage and financial loss. The
                     Directors continue to monitor cybersecurity risks and maintain appropriate controls; however, no system can
                     be guaranteed to be fully secure.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  9
                                                                                  Nanoveu Limited

                     Economic and market conditions

For personal use onlyThe Group's performance may be adversely affected by global economic conditions, including inflationary
                     pressures, higher interest rates, capital market volatility and reduced access to funding. An economic downturn
                     may impact customer demand, OEM design cycles, investor appetite and the Group's ability to raise capital
                     on acceptable terms.

                     Supply chain and manufacturing risks

                     The Group operates as a fabless semiconductor developer and is reliant on third-party foundries, packaging
                     providers and component suppliers. Disruptions to global supply chains, capacity constraints, geopolitical
                     tensions or delays in fabrication, packaging or logistics may impact development timelines, product delivery
                     and commercialisation plans.

                     Regulatory and compliance risks

                     The Group operates across multiple jurisdictions and is subject to corporate, securities, trade, export control
                     and other regulatory requirements. Changes in applicable laws, listing rules, taxation, export restrictions or
                     technology-related regulations may increase compliance costs or restrict certain commercial activities.

                     Foreign currency fluctuations

                     The Group operates internationally and incurs costs in multiple currencies, including USD and SGD.
                     Movements in foreign exchange rates may impact operating expenses, capital expenditure and cash flows when
                     translated into Australian dollars.

                     Climate change and environmental risks

                     Although the Group's operations are not resource extraction based, it remains exposed to broader climate-
                     related risks, including potential regulatory changes, supply chain disruptions, increased energy costs and
                     evolving stakeholder expectations regarding sustainability. The Directors monitor emerging climate-related
                     developments and assess their potential impact on the Group's operations and strategy.

                     BUSINESS STRATEGIES AND PROSPECTS FOR FUTURE FINANCIAL YEARS

                     The Company's strategy for the coming financial years is focused on commercialisation, market expansion,
                     and technological integration across its core business lines. The Company is focused on building commercial
                     partnerships to enhance the performance and adoption of the EMASS semiconductor technology, embedding
                     it into real-world Edge AI applications to drive industry adoption.

                     EyeFly3DTM will prioritize increasing hardware sales while developing a white labelled B2B SaaS platform,
                     enabling subscription-based and licensing revenue models. Meanwhile, NanoshieldTM Solar will concentrate
                     on sales growth and market expansion, leveraging ongoing field trials to position itself as a key player in solar
                     efficiency solutions. Through these initiatives, Nanoveu aims to scale its commercial footprint, strengthen
                     strategic alliances, and drive sustained revenue growth in the coming years.

                     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE YEAR END

                     Completion of 16nm ECS-DoT Tape-out

                     Subsequent to 31 December 2025, the Company completed tape-out of its next-generation 16nm ECS-DoT
                     system-on-chip through its wholly owned subsidiary Embedded A.I. Systems Pte. Ltd. ("EMASS"). Following
                     tape-out, semiconductor fabrication commenced at TSMC. The tape-out represents a key milestone in the
                     Company's Edge AI semiconductor roadmap, transitioning the ECS-DoT program from design into production
                     silicon.

                     Strategic Capital Raising

                     Subsequent to 31 D, the Company completed an upsized strategic placement raising approximately $7.5
                     million (before costs) from new and existing sophisticated, professional and institutional investors. Proceeds
                     from the capital raising are being applied to support the commercialisation and scale-up of the EMASS ECS-

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  10
                                                                             Nanoveu Limited

For personal use onlyDoT semiconductor platform, including advanced-node silicon validation, live system testing, go-to-market
                     activities and working capital.

                     Exclusive Evaluation Licence for Autonomous Drone Swarm Technologies

                     Subsequent to 31 December 2025, the Company announced that it had entered into an exclusive evaluation
                     licence agreement with Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, with an option to convert to an
                     exclusive worldwide licence, for four inventions in autonomous localisation and formation-control
                     technologies applicable to multi-drone and robotic swarm systems. The licence supports integration with the
                     Company's ECS-DoT platform and broader autonomy roadmap.

                     LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS AND EXPECTED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

                     The Company remains focused on advancing the commercial deployment of its semiconductor technologies,
                     including validation of production silicon, continued OEM engagement and progression toward early
                     commercial design-ins. Subsequent to the year end, the EMASS ECS-DoT platform received international
                     recognition at CES 2026, being awarded Best in Show in the AI & Machine Learning category by Embedded
                     Computing Design. This award provides independent third-party validation of the ECS-DoT architecture's
                     technical performance, energy efficiency and commercial relevance.

                     EyeFly3DTM is expected to continue expanding its market presence through hardware sales and software
                     licensing opportunities, while NanoshieldTM remains focused on progressing renewable energy applications
                     through field trials and customer engagement.

                     SHARE OPTIONS

                     Unissued ordinary shares of Nanoveu Limited under option at the date of this report are as follows:

                                         Expiry date         Exercise Price      No.
                                          9/05/2027                          68,809,678
                        Listed options   31/12/2026          $  0.045        93,446,958
                       Unlisted options  30/01/2027                          23,352,940
                       Unlisted options  14/02/2027          $  0.050        12,352,941
                       Unlisted options  20/08/2028                          5,000,000
                       Unlisted options  27/01/2029          $  0.025        56,931,835
                       Unlisted options   6/01/2030                          5,000,000
                       Unlisted options   6/01/2030          $  0.025        5,000,000
                       Unlisted options
                                                             $  0.100        58,500,001

                                                             $  0.150

                                                             $  0.025

                                                             $  0.035

                     During the year:

                      81,294,333 options were exercised
                      14,848,084 options were lapsed

                     All unissued shares are ordinary shares of the Company.

                     All unvested options expire on termination of employment unless the Board makes a determination (in its
                     absolute discretion) that the employee's performance during the term and the circumstances of the termination
                     are such that all unvested options on the date of termination will continue to vest in accordance with the vesting
                     schedule and only expire on the expiry date.

                     The above options represent all unissued ordinary shares of the Company under option as at the date of this
                     report and include options held by Key Management Personnel and non-KMP participants. Further details of
                     share-based payments to Directors and Key Management Personnel are disclosed in Note 7 to the financial
                     statements.

                     Option holders do not have any right, by virtue of the option, to participate in any share issue of the Company
                     or any related body corporate.

                     ENVIRONMENTAL LEGISLATION

                     The Company's operations are not subject to any significant environmental regulation under a law of the
                     Commonwealth or of a State or Territory, or in any other jurisdiction in which it operates.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                              11
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

                     The Company has agreed to indemnify all Directors and executive officers against liabilities to another person
                     (other than the Company or a related body corporate) that may arise from their position as officers of the
                     Company and its controlled entities, except where the liability arises out of conduct involving a lack of good
                     faith, wilful misconduct, gross negligence, or where indemnification is otherwise prohibited by law. The
                     indemnity includes reasonable legal costs and expenses incurred in defending such proceedings.

                     The Company has also agreed to indemnify the Directors of its controlled entities on the same basis. Directors'
                     and Officers' insurance has been maintained during the period. The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure
                     of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.

                     AUDITOR INDEPENDENCE AND NON-AUDIT SERVICES

                     The auditor's independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set
                     out immediately after this Directors' Report.

                     NON-AUDIT SERVICES

                     There were no non-audit services provided by BDO during the 2025 year.

                     PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

                     There are no proceedings on behalf of the Company under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 in the
                     financial period or at the date of this report.

                     ROUNDING OFF

                     The Company is of a kind referred to in the Corporations Instrument 2016/191, issued by the Australian
                     Securities and Investments Commission, in relation to 'rounding off'. Amounts in this report have been
                     rounded off in accordance with that Corporations Instrument to the nearest dollar.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  12
                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

Directors' Report - Remuneration Report (audited)

This remuneration report for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 outlines remuneration arrangements
of the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (the Act) and its regulations.
This information has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of the Act.
For personal use only
                     The remuneration report details the remuneration arrangements for key management personnel (KMP) who
                     are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
                     major activities of the Company, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise)
                     of the parent company, and including the executives receiving the highest remuneration.

                     For the purposes of this report, the term "Executive" includes the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Executive
                     Directors and senior management and the term "Director" refers to Non-Executive Directors only.

                     Individual key management personnel disclosures

                     Details of KMPs of the Company are set out below:

                     Key management personnel

                     Directors

                     Dr David Pevcic           Executive Chairman, appointed 17 October 2024

                     Mr Alfred Chong           Managing Director and CEO, appointed 14 February 2018

                     Mr Steven Apedaile        Non-Executive Director, appointed 14 May 2018

                     Dr Michael Winlo          Non-Executive Director, appointed 28 March 2024, resigned 1 December 2025

                     Mr Mohamed Sabry Aly Non-Executive Director, appointed 1 December 2025

                     Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chen Chief Financial Officer, appointed 4 February 2025

                                               Executive Director, appointed 1 December 2025

                     The Remuneration Report is set out under the following main headings:
                     A. Principles used to determine the nature and amount of remuneration
                     B. Details of remuneration
                     C. Service agreements
                     D. Option holdings of key management personnel
                     E. Performance Rights holdings of key management personnel
                     F. Share holdings of key management personnel
                     G. Other transactions and balances with key management personnel
                     H. Voting and comments made at the Company's Annual Meeting

                     A. Principles used to determine the nature and amount of remuneration
                     Remuneration philosophy
                     The performance of the Group depends upon the quality of its directors and executives. To prosper, the Group
                     must attract, motivate and retain highly skilled directors and executives.
                     To this end, the Group embodies the following principles in its compensation framework:

                         · Provide competitive rewards to attract high calibre executives;
                         · Link executive rewards to shareholder value; and
                         · Establish appropriate, demanding performance hurdles in relation to variable executive compensation
                     Remuneration consists of fixed remuneration and variable remuneration.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                           13
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     Directors' Report - Remuneration Report (audited) (continued)

                     Fixed Remuneration

                     Fixed remuneration is reviewed annually by the Board of Directors. The process consists of a review of relevant
                     comparative remuneration in the market and internally and, where appropriate, external advice on policies and
                     practices.

                     Variable Remuneration

                     During the year, the Group established an Employee Incentive Plan to provide equity-based incentives to
                     eligible employees and key management personnel. The Group maintains a discretionary variable component
                     to the remuneration of the Board and management and may continue to utilise equity-based incentives to align
                     performance outcomes with shareholder interests.

                     Remuneration Reviews

                     The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for determining and reviewing compensation
                     arrangements for the directors, the Managing Director and all other key management personnel.

                     The Board of Directors assesses the appropriateness of the nature and amount of compensation of key
                     management personnel on a periodic basis by reference to relevant employment market conditions with the
                     overall objective of ensuring maximum stakeholder benefit from the retention of a high-quality board and
                     executive team.

                     Remuneration structure

                     In accordance with best practice Corporate Governance, the structure of non-executive director and executive
                     remuneration is separate and distinct.

                     Non-executive Director Remuneration

                     The Board seeks to set aggregate remuneration at a level that provides the Group with the ability to attract and
                     retain directors of the highest calibre, whilst incurring a cost that is acceptable to shareholders.

                     The Constitution specifies that the aggregate remuneration of non-executive directors shall be determined from
                     time to time by a general meeting. The amount of aggregate remuneration sought to be approved by
                     shareholders and the manner in which it is apportioned amongst directors is reviewed annually. The Board
                     considers advice from external shareholders as well as the fees paid to non-executive directors of comparable
                     companies when undertaking the annual review process.

                     Non-executive directors receive a fee for being a director of the Company. The compensation of non-executive
                     directors for the year ended 31 December 2025 is detailed below.

                     The total maximum remuneration of non-executive directors is initially set by the Constitution and subsequent
                     variation is by ordinary resolution of Shareholders in general meeting in accordance with the Constitution, and
                     the Corporations Act, as applicable. The determination of non-executive directors' remuneration within that
                     maximum will be made by the Board having regard to the inputs and value to the Company of the respective
                     contributions of each non-executive Director. This amount has been set at an amount not to exceed $300,000
                     per annum.

                     In addition, a director may be paid fees or other amounts and non-cash performance incentive such as options
                     and performance rights, subject to necessary shareholder approval, where a director performs special duties or
                     otherwise performs services outside the scope of the ordinary duties of a director.

                     Directors are also entitled to be reimbursed reasonable travelling, hotel and other expenses incurred by them
                     respectively in or about the performance of their duties as directors.

                     Director Remuneration

                     Remuneration of each director has been set at $48,000 per annum plus superannuation of 12% (2024: 11.5%)
                     with the exception of one Director whose remuneration has been increased to $60,000 per annum. Director
                     fees commenced being paid from admission to the Official List of the Australian Securities exchange. In
                     addition, directors were offered performance rights for their services without cash remuneration prior to
                     admission to the Official List of the Australian Securities exchange.

                     Remuneration for executive roles are separate and in addition to remuneration as a director. Accordingly,
                     executive directors have a director contract and a separate contract for their executive services.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  14
                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

Directors' Report - Remuneration Report (audited) (continued)

Senior Manager and Executive Director remuneration

Objective

For personal use onlyThe entity aims to reward executives with a level and mix of compensation commensurate with their position
                     and responsibilities within the entity so as to:

                     ·  reward executives for company, business unit and individual performance against targets set to

                        appropriate benchmarks;

                     ·  align the interests of executives with those of shareholders;

                     ·  link rewards with the strategic goals and performance of the Company; and

                     ·  ensure total compensation is competitive by market standards.

                     Compensation consists of the following key elements:

                     ·  Fixed Compensation; and

                     ·  Variable Compensation.

                     The proportion of fixed compensation and variable compensation (potential short term and long term
                     incentives) is established for each key management person by the Directors.

                     Fixed Compensation

                     Objective

                     Fixed compensation is reviewed annually by the Directors. The process consists of a review of individual
                     performance, relevant comparative compensation in the market and internally and, where appropriate, external
                     advice on policies and practices. This review is based on a calendar year cycle and is typically performed in
                     December / January.

                     Structure

                     Executives are given the opportunity to receive their fixed remuneration in a variety of forms including cash
                     and fringe benefits such as motor vehicles and expense payment plans.

                     Variable Compensation

                     Objective

                     The objective of the Variable Compensation is to reward executives in a manner that aligns this element of
                     compensation with the creation of shareholder wealth.

                     Structure

                     Variable remuneration is designed to align executive rewards with the creation of shareholder value. During
                     the reporting period, the Group operated a discretionary variable remuneration component for the Board and
                     management, with awards determined by the Board having regard to individual performance, achievement of
                     strategic objectives and overall Group performance.

                     Use of remuneration consultants

                     The Group did not use the services of remuneration consultants.

                     Objective of the remuneration committee

                     The Group did not have a remuneration committee during the period.

                     Overview of Group performance

                                              2025    2024                        2023  2022  2021  2020  2019

                     Net loss                 ($7,601,225) ($2,846,367) ($2,159,908) $(2,707,301) $(2,320,618) $(1,762,016) $(3,373,018)
                     Share price at year end
                     Basic EPS (loss)         8.4 cents 3.4 cents 2.3 cents 0.9 cents 3.2 cents 6.5 cents 5.2 cents

                                              (0.9) cents (0.6) cents (0.6) cents (1.2) cents (1.2) cents (1.3) cents (2.5) cents

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                     15
                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

Directors' Report - Remuneration Report (audited) (continued)

B. Details of remuneration

Year ended 31 December 2025

For personal use only                      Salary, fees  Non-                                  Share-based               Portion of
                                                                                                payments               Remuneration
                                           &             monetary                                    (ii)              Performance

                       Directors           commissions benefits (i)    Superannuation                       Total          Related
                       Executive
                                           293,158       9,478                       12,951    105,561 421,148         25%
                       Mr Alfred Chong     122,883       5,801                              -
                                           114,000                                          -  842,340 971,024         87%
                       Dr David Pevcic                     242
                       Mr Siyuan                                                            -               - 114,242  0%
                       (Raymond) Chen                                                  5,160
                       Non-executive        56,220        5,801                                 4,057       66,078       6%
                                            36,308        5,318                             -  32,610       79,396     41%
                       Mr Steven Apedaile   27,748                                   18,111                            12%
                       Dr Michael Winlo    650,317          242                                3,689        31,679     59%
                       (iii)                             26,882
                       Mr Mohamed Sabry
                       Aly (iv)

                                                                                               988,257 1,683,567

                       Compensation is stated on an accruals basis.

                          (i) Non monetary benefits. Comprises of directors and officers insurance for all directors, and medical insurance for Alfred
                                Chong only.

                          (ii) Share-based payments comprise the amortisation of performance rights granted to Directors and employees under the
                                Company's Performance Rights Plan. The expense recognised during the year reflects performance rights that vested during
                                FY2025, offset by the reversal of previously recognised expense relating to performance rights granted in FY2024 where
                                non-market vesting conditions were not satisfied. The grant date fair value of performance rights is recognised over the
                                vesting period. Where non-market vesting conditions are not satisfied, previously recognised expense is reversed.

                          (iii) Represents remuneration from 1 January 2025 to 1 December 2025.

                          (iv) Represents remuneration from 1 December 2025 to 31 December 2025. Share based payments include 5,000,000 performance
                                rights proposed to be issued to Prof. Mohamed Sabry Aly, subject to shareholder approval. The rights vest in three equal
                                tranches upon the Company achieving 20-day VWAP milestones of $0.10, $0.15 and $0.20. The share-based payment
                                expense recognised during the year represents an estimate of the fair value of the rights, calculated in accordance with AASB
                                2 and recognised over the expected vesting period.

                     Year ended 31 December 2024

                       Directors           Salary, fees     Non-       Superannuation          Share-based  Total        Portion of
                       Executive                 &       monetary                               payments               Remuneration
                       Mr Alfred Chong                   benefits (i)                                (ii)              Perform-ance
                       Dr David Pevcic     commissions
                       Non-executive                                                                                       Related
                       Mr Steven Apedaile  257,427       6,261         11,111                  34,848 309,647
                       Dr Michael Winlo     56,040       6,261                -                48,898 111,199                         11%
                                                                                                                                      44%
                                            53,520        6,261               -                 48,027      107,808
                                            56,001        6,261         6,280                   19,474       88,016                   45%
                                           422,988       25,044        17,391                  151,247                                22%
                                                                                                            616,670                  25%

                     Compensation is stated on an accruals basis.

                          (i) Non monetary benefits. Comprises of directors and officers insurance for all directors.

                          (ii) Share based payments comprise the amortisation of the measured cost of performance rights issued at grant date. This grant
                                date cost is based on the price of the Company's shares which is amortised to the estimated date of the hurdle being achieved
                                based on an assessment of the probability of achievement of the hurdles specified in the performance rights. The ultimate
                                benefit received by the participant may be materially different to this calculated value, and may be received at a significantly
                                different time to the date presented in this table.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                            16
                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

Directors' Report - Remuneration Report (audited) (continued)

C. Service agreements

Agreements with Executives

Alfred Chong ­ Director and Chief Executive Officer

For personal use onlyThe Company entered into an executive services agreement (Executive Services Agreement) with Mr Chong
                     dated 20 June 2025, pursuant to which the Company has engaged Mr Chong as Chief Executive Officer. The
                     material terms and conditions of the Executive Services Agreement are summarised below:

                     (a)       Term: The Executive's employment commenced on 1 February 2025 and continues until terminated

                               in accordance with the provisions of the agreement.

                     (b)       Remuneration: Mr Chong receives a base salary of SGD $17,000 per month (SGD $204,000 per

                               annum), inclusive of the applicable Singapore Central Provident Fund (CPF) contributions. In

                               addition, he is entitled to a transport allowance of SGD $1,040 per month.

                     (c)       Incentive Programs: Mr Chong may be entitled to short-term incentive bonuses and may participate

                               in the Company's equity incentive plans, subject to Board discretion and compliance with the

                               Corporations Act and Listing Rules.

                     (d)       Termination: Either party may terminate the agreement by providing three months' written notice.

                               The Company may terminate the employment without notice in circumstances including serious

                               misconduct, material breach of the agreement, or other grounds specified in the agreement.

                     The Executive Services Agreement contains other standard terms and conditions expected to be included in

                     contracts of this nature.

                     Raymond Chen ­ Director and Chief Financial Officer

                     The Company entered into a Consultancy Services Agreement dated 15 December 2024 with Oxbridge
                     Advisory Pty Ltd (`the agreement "), under which Mr Siyuan (Raymond) Chen is nominated to provide
                     services to the Company in the role of Chief Financial Officer. The engagement commenced on 2 January
                     2025 and continues until terminated in accordance with its terms. On 1 December 2025, Mr Chen was further
                     appointed as Executive Director. Under the agreement, Mr Chen is entitled to remuneration of $15,000 per
                     month, and the agreement may be terminated by either party upon one month's written notice.

                     Dr David Pevcic ­ Executive Chairman

                     The Company entered into a letter of appointment with Dr Pevcic dated 3 February 2023 in relation to his
                     appointment as a Non-Executive Director. Effective 14 October 2024, Dr Pevcic's role changed to Executive
                     Chairman. The material terms and conditions of his engagement are summarised below:

                     (a)       Term: Dr Pevcic's appointment continues until terminated in accordance with the provisions of his

                               letter of appointment and the Company's Constitution.

                     (b)       Remuneration: Dr Pevcic currently receives a base fee of AUD $15,000 per month (AUD $180,000

                               per annum), plus statutory superannuation where applicable.

                     (c)       Termination: Dr Pevcic's appointment may be terminated in accordance with the Corporations Act,

                               the Company's Constitution, or by resignation or removal by shareholders.

                     Non-Executive Director Service Contracts

                     The Company has entered into agreements with all directors. The material terms of the agreement are as

                     follows:

                     (a)       Director's fees: director's fees at the rate of $48,000 per annum plus superannuation, with the

                               exception of one Director whose fee has been increased to $60,000 per annum, together with

                               reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses incurred as a result of engagement as a director.

                     (b)       Termination: Non-Executive Directors may retire at any time and are subject to re-election at the

                               annual general meeting of shareholders in accordance with the Company's policy of at least one third

                               of the Non-Executive Directors being nominated for re-election each year based on the Company's

                               rotation schedule.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                           17
                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

Directors' Report - Remuneration Report (audited) (continued)

 D. Option holdings of key management personnel

                                              Balance at Granted as Acquired Exercised              Expired  Balance at     Vested &
                                            start of year remuneration Placement (i)                         end of year  Exercisable
For personal use only
                                                                                                                             at end of
                                                                                                                                   year

                       Directors            12,500,000     - 6,451,613 (961,538)                    -        17,990,075 17,990,075
                       Dr David Pevcic           96,154
                       Mr Alfred Chong                     -                -          (96,154)     -        -                                             -
                       Mr Steven Apedaile      500,000
                       Dr Michael Winlo        173,077     -                - (500,000)             -        -                                             -
                       Mohamed Sabry Aly
                       Siyuan (Raymond)                 -  -                -           - (173,077)          -                                             -
                       Chen                             -
                                                           -                -           -           -        -                                             -
                                            13,269,231
                                                           -                80,645      -           -        80,645       80,645

                                                           - 6,532,258 (1,557,692) (173,077) 18,070,720 18,070,720

                     (i) During the year ended 31 December 2025, the following options previously granted as remuneration were exercised:
                     · Dr David Pevcic exercised 961,538 options.
                     · Mr Alfred Chong exercised 96,154 options.
                     · Mr Steven Apedaile exercised 500,000 options.
                     The options were originally valued at $0.024 per option at the grant date. At the time of exercise, the Company's market share price
                     was $0.037 per share, resulting in a net value realised of $0.013 per option.

                     E. Performance Rights holdings of key management personnel
                     The table below shows the number of Performance Rights granted, converted and forfeited during the year.

                                            Balance at        Granted as    Converted  Forfeited    Balance at end of       Vested &
                                                start of   acquisition (i)                                          year  Exercisable
                                                   year
                                                                                                                             at end of
                                            36,625,000                                                                             year
                                            12,637,500
                       Directors                           - (30,000,000) (1,625,000)                        5,000,000    -
                       Dr David Pevcic       8,070,000
                       Mr Alfred Chong       5,540,000     - (5,000,000) (1,937,500)                         5,700,000    -
                       Mr Steven Apredaile
                       Dr Michael Winlo                 -  - (2,040,000) (1,000,000)                         5,030,000    -
                       Mohamed Sabry Aly                -
                       Siyuan (Raymond)     62,872,500     - (2,040,000) (3,500,000)                         -
                       Chen
                                                           49,752,570               -            -     49,752,570

                                                           -                        -            -           -            -

                                                           49,752,570 (39,080,000) (8,062,500)         65,482,570         -

                     (i) During the year, the Company granted 49,752,570 performance rights to Mr Mohamed Sabry Aly as part of the consideration for
                     the acquisition of Embedded A.I. Systems Pte Ltd (EMASS), following shareholder approval on 18 March 2025.

                     The performance rights comprise three equal tranches of 16,584,190 rights each (Class A, B and C), vesting upon achievement of
                     specified technical, intellectual property and commercial milestones relating to the EMASS semiconductor program, including
                     technology performance targets, patent outcomes and cumulative revenue of at least $1,000,000 over a 12-month period.

                     Each performance right converts into one fully paid ordinary share upon vesting and has no exercise price.

                     In addition, subject to shareholder approval, Mr Sabry is entitled to a further 5,000,000 performance rights vesting in three equal
                     tranches upon achievement of 20-day VWAP milestones of $0.10, $0.15 and $0.20 respectively.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                               18
                                                                                                                                           Nanoveu Limited

                     Directors' Report - Remuneration Report (audited) (continued)

F. Share holdings of key management personnel

                                                Balance at      Grant as                   On       Acquisitions Disposal     Balance at
                                                    start of  acquisition            conversion of                            end of year
                                                       year                          performance

For personal use only                                                                    rights

                       Directors                2,377,285                         -  30,000,000     25,841,688             - 58,218,973
                       Dr David Pevcic                                                5,000,000          96,154
                       Mr Alfred Chong          43,319,866                        -   2,040,000                            - 48,416,020
                       Mr Seven Apedaile                                              2,040,000        500,000
                       Dr Michael Winlo         2,000,350                         -              -              -          - 4,540,350
                       Mohamed Sabry Aly                                                         -              -
                       Siyuan (Raymond) Chen    346,154                           -                                        - 2,386,154
                                                                                     39,080,000        175,709
                                                - 102,936,352                                       26,613,551             - 102,936,352

                                                -                                 -                                        -  175,709

                                                48,043,655 102,936,352                                                     - 216,673,558

                     G. Other transactions and balances with Key Management Personnel

                     Apart from the above items and reimbursements for expenses paid on behalf of the Company, director and fees
                     paid directly or indirectly to director related entities, there were no transactions or balances with KMP during
                     the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                     H. Voting and comments made at the Company's Annual General Meeting

                     At the Annual General Meeting held on 30 May 2025, 99.85% of votes cast were in favour of the adoption of
                     the Company's remuneration report for the 2024 financial year. The Company did not receive any comments
                     at the Annual General Meeting on its remuneration report.

                                                    END OF THE AUDITED REMUNERATION REPORT
                     Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:

                     Alfred Chong
                     Managing Director and CEO
                     27 February 2026

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                              19
                                          Tel: +61 8 6382 4600  Level 9, Mia Yellagonga Tower 2
                                          Fax: +61 8 6382 4601  5 Spring Street
                                          www.bdo.com.au        Perth, WA 6000
                                                                PO Box 700 West Perth WA 6872
                                                                Australia

For personal use only  DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE BY JACKSON WHEELER TO THE DIRECTORS OF NANOVEU LIMITED

                       As lead auditor of Nanoveu Limited for the year ended 31 December 2025, I declare that, to the best of
                       my knowledge and belief, there have been:
                       1. No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in

                             relation to the audit; and
                       2. No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.

                       This declaration is in respect of Nanoveu Limited and the entities it controlled during the period.

                       Jackson Wheeler
                       Director

                       BDO Audit Pty Ltd
                       Perth
                       27 February 2026

                       BDO Audit Pty Ltd ABN 33 134 022 870 is a member of a national association of independent entities which are all members of BDO
                       International Ltd, a UK company limited by guarantee, and form part of the international BDO network of independent member firms.
                       Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                Nanoveu Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
For personal use only
                                                                                          Note  2025         2024
                                                                                                    $            $

                     Revenue from contracts with customers                                6     297,582      6,873
                     Revenue
                                                                                                297,582      6,873

                     Cost of sale of goods                                                      (929,715)     3,657
                     Gross (loss) / profit                                                      (632,133)    10,530

                     Other operating income                                               6     6,436        21,519
                     Selling and distribution expenses
                     Administration expenses                                              6     (386,930)    (26,306)
                     Research costs
                     Share based payment expense                                          6     (4,424,940) (2,133,276)
                     Operating (loss)
                                                                                          6     (760,818)    (53,220)

                                                                                          7     (1,421,890) (666,957)

                                                                                                (7,620,275) (2,847,710)

                     Finance income                                                       6     32,756       7,059
                     Finance costs
                     (Loss) before income tax                                             6     (13,706)     (5,716)
                     Income tax expense
                     (Loss) for the year                                                        (7,601,225) (2,846,367)

                                                                                          8     -                                                -

                                                                                                (7,601,225) (2,846,367)

                     Other comprehensive income / (loss)                                        9,462        (5,604)
                     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:                          9,462        (5,604)
                     - Foreign currency differences on translation of foreign operations

                     Total comprehensive (loss) for the year                                    (7,591,763) (2,851,971)

                     Loss for the year is attributable to:                                        (177,906)     (36,657)
                     Non-controlling interest                                                   (7,423,319)  (2,809,710)
                     Owners of Nanoveu Limited                                                  (7,601,225)  (2,846,367)
                     Total (loss) for the year
                                                                                                  (177,685)     (36,729)
                     Comprehensive loss for the year is attributable to:                        (7,414,078)  (2,815,242)
                     Non-controlling interest                                                   (7,591,763)  (2,851,971)
                     Owners of Nanoveu Limited
                     Total comprehensive (loss) for the year

                     Basic and diluted loss per share (cents per share)                   5     (0.9)        (0.6)

                       The above Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the
                                                                                      accompanying notes.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                                      21
                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

For personal use onlyCURRENT ASSETS                                             Note        2025      2024
                     Cash and cash equivalents                                                  $          $
                     Trade and other receivables                                  9
                     Prepayments                                                 11   1,807,712    498,303
                     Loan Receivable                                             14      11,234     12,599
                     Total Current Assets                                                          482,997
                                                                                        454,731
                                                                                        472,374            -
                                                                                      2,746,051    993,899

                     NON-CURRENT ASSETS                                               119,190                                            63,390
                     Plant and equipment
                     Intangible Assets                                          13    10,500,307                                         -
                     Loan Receivable
                     Right of use asset                                         14    -            258,663
                     Non-Current Prepayments
                     Total Non-current Assets                                            131,399     5,920
                                                                                           57,968          -
                                                                                      10,808,864
                                                                                                   327,973

                     TOTAL ASSETS                                                     13,554,915 1,321,872

                     CURRENT LIABILITIES                                        12    1,004,988    529,961
                     Trade and other payables
                     Contract liability                                         10    169,196      311,488
                     Lease liability
                     Provisions                                                       64,168                                             6,333
                     Loan
                     Total Current Liabilities                                        17,231                                             15,802

                                                                                      134,011      120,000

                                                                                      1,389,594    983,584

                     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES                                          71,891                                             -
                     Lease liability
                     Total Non-Current Liabilities                                    71,891                                             -

                     TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                1,461,485    983,584

                     NET ASSETS                                                       12,093,430   338,288

                     EQUITY                                                     15    39,377,691 21,951,287
                     Issued capital
                     Reserves                                                         1,722,677 (207,286)
                     Accumulated losses
                     Total equity attributable to Nanoveu Limited shareholders        (28,792,375) (21,369,056)
                     Non-controlling interest
                     TOTAL EQUITY                                                     12,307,993   374,945

                                                                                19    (214,563)    (36,657)

                                                                                      12,093,430   338,288

                       The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                              22
                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

For personal use only                                                             Note  2025                                     2024
                                                                                            $                                        $

                       Cash flows from Operating Activities                             161,727       288,289
                       Receipts from customers
                       Payments to suppliers and employees                              (6,033,547) (2,132,122)
                       Interest received
                       Interest paid                                                    32,756                                   7,059
                       Net cash (used in) operating activities
                                                                                        (6,774)       (5,716)
                       Cash Flows from Investing Activities
                       Payments for property, plant and equipment                 9     (5,845,838) (1,842,490)
                       Cash acquired through EMASS acquisition
                       Loan receivable                                                   (76,510)           -
                       Net cash (used in) investing activities                               2,910          -
                                                                                                      (258,664)
                       Cash Flows from Financing Activities                             (213,711)     (258,664)
                       Proceeds from the issuance of shares (net of issue costs)        (287,311)
                       Proceeds from shares to be issued (net of issue costs)
                       Interest free loan proceeds                                      7,471,773     2,082,712
                       Interest free loan repayment                                                -    400,000
                       Repayment of lease liabilities                                                   120,000
                       Net cash provided by financing activities                          134,011                -
                                                                                        (120,000)      (76,324)
                       Net increase in cash held                                         (43,226)
                       Cash at the beginning of the financial year                      7,442,558     2,526,388
                       Cash at the end of the financial year
                                                                                        1,309,409       425,234
                                                                                          498,303        73,069

                                                                                        1,807,712       498,303

                       The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                             23
                                                                                                                                    Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

For personal use only                Issued Capital   Option   Common         Share    Share        Foreign  Accumulated     NCI         Total
                                                     Reserve                  Based     to be    Currency            Losses                   $
                                                                 Control   Payment     issued  Translation
                                                              Reserve (1)   Reserve  Reserve                                        (109,410)
                                                                                                   Reserve                        (2,846,367)

                                                 $   $        $                   $  $         $             $               $         (5,604)
                                     19,718,575
                     Balance at 1                    289,005 (1,710,087)   43,081    -         109,362 (18,559,346)          -    (2,851,971)
                     January 2024                -
                                                 -   -        -                   -  -         - (2,809,710) (36,657)
                     Loss for the
                     year                        -   -        -                   -  -         (5,604)       -               -

                     Exchange                        -        -                   -  -         (5,604) (2,809,710) (36,657)
                     differences on
                     translation of
                     foreign
                     operation

                     Total
                     comprehensive
                     loss for the
                     year

                     Adjustment to   760             -        -                   -  -         -             -               -    760
                     Prior Year

                     Shares issued   2,139,899       -        -                   - 400,000    -             -               -    2,539,899

                     Share issue     (128,394)       -        -                   -  -         -             -               -    (128,394)
                     expenses

                     Interest Free

Loan                                 150,000         -        -                   -  -         -             -               -    150,000

                     conversion

                     Share Based     - 281,700                -                   -  -         -             -               -    281,700
                     Payments-
                     Options         -               -        - 385,257              -         -             -               -    385,257
                                                                                                                                   70,447
                     Share Based     70,447          -        -                   -  -         -             -               -
                     Payments-                                                                                                    338,288
                     Performance     21,951,287 570,705 (1,710,087) 428,338 400,000            103,758 (21,369,056) (36,657)
                     Rights NVU
                     Directors

                     Share Options
                     on conversion

                     Balance at 31
                     December
                     2024

                       The above Consolidated Statement of Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes

                     (1) As a result of the capital reorganisation an equity account called `Common Control Reserve' exists. This equity account represents
                           the carrying value of the net liabilities of Nanoveu Limited prior to the date of completion of the capital reorganisation.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                  24
                                                                                                                                           Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

For personal use only                 Issued        Option      Common         Share Based      Share to       Foreign    Accumulated      NCI               Total
                                     Capital        Reserv                         Payment      be issued    Currency             Losses
                                                                  Control           Reserve      Reserve     Translati
                                                           e   Reserve (1)
                                                                                             $            $           on
                                                 $          $              $                                   Reserve                  $          $          $
                                     21,951,287     570,705    (1,710,087)           428,338                              (21,369,056)     (36,657)   338,288
                                                                                                                       $
                                                 -          -               -
                     Balance at 1                -          -               -                   400,000 103,758
                     January 2025
                                                 -          -               -     -             -            -            (7,423,319) (177,906) (7,601,225)
                     Loss for the
                     year                                                         -             -            (9,462)      -                -          (9,462)

                     Exchange                                                     -             -            (9,462)      (7,424,319) (177,906) (7,610,687)
                     differences on
                     translation of
                     foreign
                     operation

                     Total
                     comprehensive
                     loss for the
                     year

Transfer back

share to be                          400,000        -          -                  - (400,000)                -            -                -                 -

                     issued reserve

                     Placement       5,930,096      -          -                  -             -            -            -                - 5,930,096

Costs of share                       (411,306)      -          -                  -             -            -            -                - (411,306)
issue

Corporate                            131,109        -          -               (131,109)        -            -            -                -                 -
Advisory

                     Shared Based

                     Payments-       285,591        -          -                  -             -            -            -                -          285,591

Options

Share issue ­

                     EMASS           9,137,931      -          -                  -             -            -            -                - 9,137,931

                     acquisition

                     Share Based     -              -          -               1,334,235        ,            ,            ,                , 1,334,235
                     Payments-
                     Performance     -              -          -               1,136,300        -            -            -                - 1,136,300
                     Rights EMASS
                     acquisition

                     Share Based
                     Payments-
                     Performance
                     Rights NVU

                     Share Options   1,952,982      -          -                  -             -            -            -                - 1,952,982
                     on conversion

                     Balance at 31   39,377,690 570,705 (1,710,087)            2,767,764        -            94,296       (28,792,375) (214,563) 12,093,430
                     December
                     2025

                       The above Consolidated Statement of Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes

                     (1) As a result of the capital reorganisation an equity account called `Common Control Reserve' exists. This equity account represents
                           the carrying value of the net liabilities of Nanoveu Limited prior to the date of completion of the capital reorganisation.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                      25
                                                                       Nanoveu Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements

1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

For personal use onlyThe consolidated financial statements of Nanoveu Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group) for the
                     year ended 31 December 2025 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on 27
                     February 2026. Nanoveu Limited (the Company or the parent) is a for profit company limited by shares
                     incorporated in Australia whose shares are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.

                     The principal activity of the Company during the year were the development and commercialisation of
                     semiconductor and nanotechnology-based technologies for consumer and industrial applications.

                     2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

                     2.1 Basis of preparation of the financial report

                     This general purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards
                     (AASs) (including Australian Interpretations) issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB)
                     and the Corporations Act 2001. Nanoveu Limited is a for-profit entity for the purposes of preparing the
                     financial statements.

                     2.2 Basis of Measurement and Reporting Conventions Including Capital Reorganisation

                     The financial statements, except for cash flow information, have been prepared on an accruals basis and are
                     based on historical costs, modified, where applicable. The amounts presented in the financial statements have
                     been rounded off to the nearest dollar unless stated otherwise.

                     2.3 Going concern

                     The financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the continuity of normal
                     business activity and the realisation of assets and settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.
                     The Group incurred a loss for the year ended 31 December 2025 of $7,601,225 (2024: $2,846,367) and net
                     cash outflows from operating activities of $5,845,838 (2024: $1,842,490). As at 31 December 2025, current
                     assets exceeded current liabilities by $1,284,566.

                     Subsequent to the year end, in January 2026, the Company completed an equity placement issuing 85,227,274
                     Shares at an issue price of $0.088 per share, raising $7,500,000 before costs. The placement also included
                     42,613,637 free attaching Options. The proceeds of the placement have strengthened the Group's balance sheet
                     and are being applied toward the commercialisation and scale-up of the Group's semiconductor technology
                     platform and working capital requirements. The Directors have prepared cash flow forecasts covering a period
                     of at least 12 months from the date of signing this financial report. Based on those forecasts, which incorporate
                     the proceeds from the January 2026 capital raising and anticipated receipts from product sales, the Directors
                     believe that the Group will have sufficient funds to meet its obligations as and when they fall due. The Group
                     has historically demonstrated its ability to access equity markets to satisfy funding requirements, and the
                     Directors will continue to monitor the Group's cash position and consider additional funding initiatives, if
                     required, having regard to forecast revenues and strategic development objectives.

                     Accordingly, the Directors are satisfied that it is appropriate to prepare the financial report on a going concern
                     basis.

                     2.4 Summary of material accounting policies

                     (a) Revenue recognition

                     Revenue is recognised in accordance with AASB 15 when control of goods or services transfers to the
                     customer, at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled. Revenue is
                     recognised only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur.

                     The Group acts as principal in all revenue arrangements, as it controls the goods or services prior to transfer
                     to customers, has discretion in establishing pricing, and bears inventory and credit risk.

                     Sale of Goods
                     Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at a point in time when control transfers to the customer, being
                     upon shipment or delivery in accordance with contractual terms, including applicable Incoterms.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                               26
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     Service Revenue
                     Revenue from one-off services is recognised at a point in time upon completion and customer acceptance,
                     when control of the deliverable transfers to the customer.
                     Revenue from ongoing or stand-ready services is recognised over time on a straight-line basis over the
                     contractual service period, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the services.

                     Advance Payments
                     Customer deposits and advance payments are recognised as contract liabilities and recognised as revenue when
                     the related performance obligations are satisfied.

                     Interest Income
                     Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method on a time-proportionate basis.

                     (b) Foreign currency translation
                     The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, which is the Group's presentation and functional
                     currency. The functional currencies of the subsidiaries are United States dollars and Singapore Dollars.
                     Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency by applying the exchange
                     rates ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
                     retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date.

                     (c) Trade and other payables
                     Trade payables and other payables are carried at amortised costs and represent liabilities for goods and services
                     provided to the Group prior to the end of the period that are unpaid and arise when the Group becomes obliged
                     to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services.

                     (d) Segment Reporting
                     For management reporting purposes, the Group is organised into four reportable operating segments based on
                     its products: Semiconductor, Eyefly 3D, Nanoshield, and Corporate and Head Office.
                     The Board acts as the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) and reviews segment performance based on
                     profit or loss, measured consistently with the consolidated financial statements.
                     Financing activities and income taxes are managed on a Group basis and are not allocated to operating
                     segments. Inter-segment transactions are conducted on an arm's length basis and are eliminated on
                     consolidation.

                     2.5 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures
                     New, revised or amending Accounting Standards and Interpretations adopted
                     The Group has adopted all of the new, revised or amending Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued
                     by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (`AASB') that are mandatory for the current reporting period.
                     The adoption of these Accounting Standards and Interpretations did not have any significant impact on the
                     financial performance or position of the Group.
                     New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
                     A number of new accounting standards and amendments have been issued but are not yet mandatory for the
                     current reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Group.
                     AASB 18 ­ Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
                     AASB 18 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027. The standard replaces
                     AASB 101 and introduces new requirements for:

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  27
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     · the presentation of the statement of profit or loss, including mandatory subtotals such as operating profit;
                     · classification of income and expenses into operating, investing and financing categories;
                     · disclosure of management-defined performance measures (MPMs); and
                     · enhanced aggregation and disaggregation principles.

                     The Group expects that AASB 18 will result in changes to the presentation and disclosure of financial
                     information, particularly within the statement of profit or loss, including the introduction of new mandatory
                     subtotals and potential reclassification of certain income and expense items.

                     The standard is not expected to impact the recognition or measurement of assets, liabilities, equity, income or
                     expenses.

                     The Group plans to adopt AASB 18 when it becomes effective.

                     3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
                              UNCERTAINTY

                     The application of accounting policies requires the use of judgements, estimates and assumptions about
                     carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
                     associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant.
                     Actual results may differ from these estimates.

                     Impairment assessment ­ intangible assets not yet available for use

                     Intangible assets that are not yet available for use are not amortised and are tested for impairment at least
                     annually, and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.

                     For the purposes of impairment testing, the recoverable amount is determined as the higher of fair value less
                     costs of disposal and value in use. Determining the recoverable amount requires the use of significant
                     judgements and estimates, including assessments of technical feasibility, progress toward commercialisation,
                     expected timing of market entry, forecast sales volumes and pricing, projected gross margins, estimated future
                     cash flows, terminal growth rates and the selection of an appropriate discount rate reflecting the risks specific
                     to the asset.

                     These assumptions are inherently uncertain, particularly where the asset relates to early-stage technologies or
                     products that have not yet achieved commercial production or secured binding customer contracts. Changes
                     in key assumptions may result in a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset and could give rise
                     to an impairment loss in future reporting periods.

                     Share-based payment transactions:

                     The Group measures the cost of equity-settled share-based payments which are performance shares at fair
                     value at the grant date based on the expected issue price of the securities upon admission to the Official List
                     of the Australian Securities Exchange. The Group applied appropriate valuation models based on the nature
                     of the instruments.

                     The Group measures the cost of equity-settled share-based payments which are options at fair value at the
                     grant date using an option pricing model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the
                     instruments were granted. The fair value is determined by a valuation using a Black Scholes Option Pricing
                     Model, using the assumptions detailed in Note 7.

                     Performance Rights (PRs) with market-based vesting conditions were valued using the Monte Carlo Model.
                     Performance Rights with non-market vesting conditions were valued using the Black-Scholes Model. Non-
                     market vesting conditions are not incorporated into the fair value of the rights at grant date. Instead, the Group
                     assesses at each reporting date whether the relevant performance conditions are expected to be satisfied and
                     recognises expense based on the number of rights expected to vest. Where the conditions are not expected to
                     be met, no expense is recognised. The Group recognises share-based payment expenses over the vesting period
                     in accordance with the respective vesting conditions. For full terms of the securities issued, refer to Note 7.

                     Control of Fullveu Technologies (HK) Limited

                     The Group has assessed its control over Fullveu Technologies (HK) Limited (Fullveu HK) under AASB 10
                     Consolidated Financial Statements. Nanoveu Limited holds a 51% equity stake and appoints three of four

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  28
                                                                                                                                           Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     directors, giving it power over key decision-making. While Fullsand retains a 49% interest, Nanoveu's ability
                     to direct Fullveu HK's operations and exposure to future variable returns indicate control.

For personal use onlyDespite no returns recorded for FY2025, the Group remains exposed to potential financial benefits from
                     Fullveu HK's future profitability, as well as risks arising from its controlling interest. As majority shareholder,
                     the Group may be required to provide financial or operational support and fund losses, if necessary, thereby
                     exposing it to both upside returns and downside risks. The control assessment is subject to ongoing review,
                     considering changes in governance, financial exposure, and decision-making authority. Based on the current
                     structure, the Group has determined that Fullveu HK is a controlled entity and is consolidated accordingly.

                     Recoverability of Loan Receivable from Hongtai Sheng (HTS)

                     The Group has assessed the recoverability of the loan receivable from HTS in accordance with AASB 9
                     Financial Instruments. The loan was initially recognized at fair value, discounted using a 6% market interest
                     rate, with subsequent unwinding of the discount recorded as interest income.

                     HTS's ability to meet its repayment obligations by 31 July 2026 has been assessed based on management's
                     evaluation of the borrower's business operations and overall financial position. Management has conducted
                     regular site visits to the factory to observe ongoing operations and assess the scale and functionality of the
                     business. Based on this assessment, management is confident in HTS's ability to generate sufficient cash flows
                     to meet its repayment obligations. Accordingly, the Group considers the credit risk associated with the loan to
                     be low and expects full repayment at maturity..

                     4. SEGMENT REPORTING

                     The Group develops and commercialises advanced semiconductor, visualisation and materials science
                     technologies. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on its products and
                     services and has four reportable segments:

                        Semiconductor - design and development of ultra-low-power edge AI system-on-chip (SoC)
                           technologies, including the ECS-DoT platform, together with related evaluation boards, licensing and
                           engineering services;

                        Eyefly 3D - development and commercialisation of glasses-free 3D display solutions, including
                           hardware components and software licensing;

                        Nanoshield - development and commercialisation of protective and performance-enhancing
                           nanomaterial coatings, including applications for solar, marine and industrial surfaces; and

                        corporate and head office - corporate management, treasury, administration and support functions not
                           directly attributable to the operating segments.

                     No operating segments have been aggregated to form the above reportable operating segments.

                     Management monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of making decisions
                     about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on profit or
                     loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements.

                     Also, the Group's financing (including finance costs and finance income) and income taxes are managed on a
                     Group basis and are not allocated to operating segments.

                     Transfer prices between operating segments are on an arm's length basis in a manner similar to transactions

                     with third parties.

                     Year Ended 31         Semi-     Eyefly 3D Nanoshield                 Corporate  Total Adjustment Consolidated
                     December 2025  Conductor
                                                                                                     Segments  and

                                                                                                               Elimination

                     Revenue

External customers                                -  285,164                      12,418  - 297,582               -          297,582
                                                     285,164                      12,418  - 297,582
Total revenue                                     -                                                               -          297,582

Depreciation and                    (9,442) (116,120)                             - (47,550) (173,112)            - (173,112)
amortisation

Segment (loss)                      (2,500,960) (1,149,328) (104,648) (3,847,290) (7,601,225)                             -  (7,601,225)
Total assets                                                                                                   (432,545)     13,554,916
Total liabilities                   11,296,205 1,130,366                          - 1,560,890 13,987,461       (251,194)     (1,461,486)

                                    (595,215) (274,238)                           - (340,839) (1,210,292)

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                             29
                                                                                                                    Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     Year Ended 31              Semi-     Eyefly 3D Nanoshield Corporate        Total Adjustment Consolidated
                     December 2024       Conductor
                                                                                                Segments            and

                                                                                                                    Elimination

                     Revenue                           -  6,873                   -  -          6,873                          -  6,873
                     External customers                                                         6,873
                     Total revenue                     -  6,873                   -  -                                         -  6,873
For personal use only
                     Depreciation and                  - (107,517)                -  - (107,517)                               - (107,517)
                     amortisation
                     Segment (loss)                    - (1,039,594)              (12,000) (1,794,773) (2,846,367)             -  (2,846,367)
                     Total assets                                                                                                  1,321,872
                                                       -  949,801                 - 15,315,210 16,265,011 (14,943,139)              (983,584)
                     Total liabilities
                                                       - (10,125,864)             - (484,688) (10,610,552) 9,626,968

                     Adjustments and eliminations

                     Finance income and costs, and fair value gains and losses on financial assets are not allocated to individual
                     segments as the underlying instruments are managed on a group basis. Current taxes and certain financial
                     assets and liabilities are not allocated to those segments as they are also managed on a group basis.

                     Geographically, the Group has the following revenue information based on the location of its customers and
                     non-current assets from where its investing activities are managed.

                     Non-current assets                                                                2025                          2024
                     North America                                                                          $                             $
                     Asia                                                                                   -                             -
                     Australia
                     Total                                                                      10,670,230                        327,973
                                                                                                   138,634                                -

                                                                                                10,808,864                        498,303

                     Non-current assets exclude financial instruments and deferred tax assets.                         2025       2024
                                                                                                                            $          $
                     Revenue from external customers                                                                        -          -
                     North America
                     Asia                                                                                           297,582       6,873
                     Australia                                                                                              -          -
                     Total
                                                                                                                    297,582       6,873

                     Revenue is allocated based on the location of the customer.

                     5. LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                                                    2025          2024
                                                                                                                        $             $

                     Basic and diluted loss per share (cents per share)                                             (0.9)         (0.6)

                     The loss and weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of basic earnings per share
                     is as follows:

Loss for the year                                                                               (7,601,225) (2,846,367)
                                                                                                825,913,230 473,667,614
Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year used in the
calculations of basic loss per share:

                     There is no dilution of shares due to options as the potential ordinary shares are not dilutive and are therefore
                     not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                  30
                                                                                  Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements                            2025          2024
                                                                                      $             $
                     6. RESULT FOR THE PERIOD
For personal use only                                                             297,582       6,873
                     Revenue from contracts with customers                        297,582       6,873
                     Sale of goods
                                                                                  6,436         21,519
                     Other operating income                                       6,436         21,519
                     Other income
                                                                                  379,253        6,394
                     Selling and distribution expenses                               7,677      19,912
                     Advertising and marketing                                                  26,306
                     Website                                                      386,930

                     Administration expenses                                        177,254        78,276
                     Audit and tax fees                                             755,196       323,295
                     Consulting fees                                                173,113       107,517
                     Depreciation and amortisation                                1,630,762     1,075,514
                     Director and employee expenses                                 692,606
                     Donation expenses (i)                                                                 -
                     Investor relations                                              50,249        50,728
                     Accounting, ASX & ASIC Fees                                    269,677        98,629
                     Legal fees                                                     179,792       123,234
                     Licence fees                                                    98,316        67,244
                     Office rental                                                                 45,081
                     Travel expenses                                                 69,413        75,817
                     Sundry expenses                                                246,034        87,941
                                                                                                2,133,276
                     Research costs                                                  82,528
                     Research costs                                               4,424,940

                     Finance income/expenses                                      760,818       53,220
                     Finance income                                               760,818       53,220
                     Finance costs
                                                                                  (32,756)      (7,059)
                                                                                   13,706        5,716
                                                                                  (19,050)
                                                                                                (1,343)

                     (i) Donation expense relates to a contribution made to a university to support research and academic collaboration relevant to the
                     Company's operations.

                     7. SHARE BASED PAYMENT                                             2025         2024
                                                                                            $             $
                     Performance rights expensed
                     Performance rights lapsed                                    1,621,758       367,959
                     Option expense recognised                                    (199,868)     (113,812)
                     Share expense recognised
                                                                                             -    281,700
                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025             -    131,110

                                                                                  1,421,890      666,957

                                                                                                31
For personal use onlyNotes to the Financial Statements                                                                    Nanoveu Limited

                     (a) Share Options                                                                                 Number on Issue
                     Options on issue:                                                                                    68,809,678
                     At 31 December 2025, unissued ordinary shares of the Company under options were:                      9,500,000
                                                                                                                           5,000,000
                                                                Terms of Options                                           5,000,000
                       Listed options with an exercise price of $0.045 on or before 09 May 2027                           93,446,958
                       Unlisted options with an exercise price of $0.020 on or before 27 January 2026                      5,000,000
                       Unlisted options with an exercise price of $0.025 on or before 06 January 2030                     23,352,940
                       Unlisted options with an exercise price of $0.035 on or before 06 January 2030                     12,352,941
                       Unlisted options with an exercise price of $0.050 on or before 31 December 2026                  222,462,517
                       Unlisted options with an exercise price of $0.100 on or before 20 August 2028
                       Unlisted options with an exercise price of $0.025 on or before 30 January 2027
                       Unlisted options with an exercise price of $0.025 on or before 14 February 2027
                        Total

                     Weighted average exercise prices:

                     The following table illustrates the number (No.) and weighted average exercise prices of and movements in
                     share options issued as compensation during 2025 and 2024:

                                                               2025 2025 Weighted 2024 2024 Weighted

                                                                                  No     average         No            average

                                                                                         exercise price                exercise price

                     Outstanding at the beginning of the year  128,756,794 2.7 cents 93,961,546 2.4 cents
                     Granted during the year (i)
                     Exercised during the year                 180,348,140 4.8 cents 49,795,248 2.8 cents
                     Expired during the year
                     Outstanding at the end of the year        71,794,333 2.7 cents                      -             -
                     Exercisable at the end of the year
                                                               14,848,084 4.0 cents 15,000,000 2.5 cents

                                                               222,462,517 4.3 cents 128,756,794 2.7 cents

                                                               222,462,517 4.3 cents 128,756,794 2.7 cents

                     (i) The options issued during the 2025 financial year were free attaching options issued as part of capital raisings. As no services
                     were received in exchange, no share-based payment expense was recognised and there was no impact on the Statement of Changes in
                     Equity (SOCIE).

                     (b) Performance Rights

                     The following table details the number and weighted average grant fair value at grant date of Performance
                     Rights outstanding at the period end.

                     The table below shows the number of Performance Rights granted, converted and forfeited during the year.

                                                  Balance at   Granted Converted (5)                     Forfeited     Balance at end
                                                start of year                                                                    of year

                       Directors                36,625,000                            - 30,000,000       1,625,000      5,000,000
                       Dr David Pevcic (1)      12,637,500                                               1,937,500      5,700,000
                       Mr Alfred Chong (2)                                            -  5,000,000       1,000,000      5,030,000
                       Mr Steven Apredaile (3)   8,070,000                                               3,500,000
                       Dr Michael Winlo          5,540,000                            -  2,040,000                                 -
                       Others                                                                                       -
                       Senior Management                                              -  2,040,000                  -  22,500,000
                       Fullsand (4)                                                                      8,062,500     16,000,000
                       Total                                -  22,500,000                            -                 54,230,000
                                                16,000,000                 -                         -
                                                78,872,500                               39,080,000
                                                               22,500,000

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                32
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                         (1) As at 31 December 2025, the performance rights hurdles have not been met, as such 5,000,000
                              performance rights will lapse following the review of the audited report ended 31 December 2025.

                         (2) As at 31 December 2025, the performance rights hurdles have not been met, as such 5,000,000
                              performance rights will lapse following the review of the audited report ended 31 December 2025.

                         (3) As at 31 December 2025, the performance rights hurdles have not been met, as such 5,000,000
                              performance rights will lapse following the review of the audited report ended 31 December 2025.

                         (4) As at 31 December 2025, the performance rights hurdles have not been met, as such 10,000,000
                              performance rights will lapse following the review of the audited report ended 31 December 2025.

                         (5) During the year ended 31 December 2025, performance rights granted to Directors in 2024 vested
                              following satisfaction of the applicable performance conditions. Upon vesting, a total of 39,080,000
                              fully paid ordinary shares were issued to Directors.

                       Grant date  Expiry date                    Performance                   No.        Weighted
                                                                     Hurdle                          average grant
                       23/12/2024                                                      10,000,000    date fair value
                       23/12/2024                     31/12/2025                  (A)   6,000,000
                       31/05/2023                                                      15,000,000            $0.0330
                       31/05/2025                     31/12/2026                  (B)   7,500,000            $0.0330
                       31/05/2025                                                       7,500,000            $0.0310
                       31/05/2025                     31/12/2025                  (C)   7,500,000            $0.0250
                       20/06/2023                                                         730,000            $0.0234
                                                      14/04/2030                  (D)  54,230,000            $0.0460
                                                                                                             $0.0260
                                                      14/04/2030                  (E)                        $0.0317

                                                      14/04/2030                  (F)

                                                      20/06/2030                  (G)

                       (A) The Performance Rights shall vest upon the Company achieving $1,000,000 USD in revenue solely
                           generated from Fullveu Technologies (HK) Limited for 31 December 2025, as validated from the
                           Company's audited or audit reviewed financial reports. As the performance hurdle was not met by the
                           expiry date, this tranche will lapse following the review of the audited financial statements.

                       (B) The Performance Rights shall vest upon the Company achieving $2,500,000 USD in revenue solely
                           generated from Fullveu Technologies (HK) Limited for 31 December 2026, as validated from the
                           Company's audited or audit reviewed financial reports.

                       (C) The Performance Rights shall vest upon the Company achieving $15,000,000 of total consolidated
                           sales revenue from all its product for 31 December 2025, as validated from the Company's audited or
                           audit reviewed financial reports. As the performance hurdle was not met by the expiry date, this tranche
                           will lapse following the review of the audited financial statements.

                       (D) Performance Rights (which are convertible on a 1:1 basis into shares in the Company) upon the
                           Company achieving a VWAP over 20 consecutive trading days of at least $0.10

                       (E) Performance Rights (which are convertible on a 1:1 basis into shares in the Company) upon the
                           Company achieving a VWAP over 20 consecutive trading days of at least $0.15

                       (F) Performance Rights (which are convertible on a 1:1 basis into shares in the Company) upon the
                           Company achieving a VWAP over 20 consecutive trading days of at least $0.20

                       (G) The Performance Rights shall vest upon completion of iPhone Series X production of at least 100,000 units,
                            completion of the first three Android models of at least 100,000 units, and the participant remaining employed
                            in June 2021.

                     Valuation of Performance Rights

                     The fair value of the services received in return for performance rights (PRs) granted are measured by reference
                     to the fair value of the PRs granted. The fair value of the services is recognised as an expense on a straight-
                     line basis over the vesting period and is determined by multiplying the fair value per PR by the number of PRs
                     expected to vest.

                     The probability of achieving market performance conditions is incorporated into the determination of the fair
                     value per PR. No adjustment is made to the expense for PRs that fail to meet the market condition. The number
                     of PRs expected to vest based on achievement of operational conditions is adjusted over the vesting period in
                     determining the expense to be recognised in the consolidated income statement. In order to convert PRs, the
                     holders are required to be continually engaged with the Group at the time of achieving the performance hurdles.

                     In determining the fair value of PRs granted during the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company engaged

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                     33
                                                                                                                                           Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     a third-party corporate finance consultant. For those PRs with market-based vesting conditions, the fair value
                     calculation was completed using the Monte Carlo model.

                     Market Performance Rights Valuation

For personal use only  Methodology                       Class D             Class E Performance  Class F Performance
                         Iterations                   Performance                     Rights               Rights

                                                          Rights                  Monte Carlo          Monte Carlo
                                                                                     100,000              100,000
                                                      Monte Carlo

                                                         100,000

                       Grant date                     30-May-25              30-May-25            30-May-25

                       Expiry date                    14-Apr-30              14-Apr-30            14-Apr-30

                       Share price at grant date ($)  0.048                  0.048                0.048

                       Exercise price ($)                     nil            nil                  nil

                       VWAP hurdle ($)                        0.10           0.15                 0.20

                       Risk-free rate (%)             3.485                  3.485                3.485

                                Volatility (%)          90                     90                   90
                                                      0.0432                 0.0397               0.0344
                       Fair value per Performance
                       Right ($)

                     The total value of the Class D Performance Rights is $411,417 and the value has been derived using the Monte
                     Carlo Model. The cost of $56,172 has been expensed in the period to 31 December 2025.

                     The total value of the Class E Performance Rights is $374,973 and the value has been derived using the Monte
                     Carlo Model. The cost of $51,562 has been expensed in the period to 31 December 2025.

                     The total value of the Class F Performance Rights is $327,699 and the value has been derived using the Monte
                     Carlo Model. The cost of $44,731 has been expensed in the period to 31 December 2025.

                     (c) Shares

                     The following table details the number of shares issued during the period.

                                                      Number        Date of  Share Price at Total Value Expensed
                                                      Issued        Issue
                                                                             Grant Date at Grant  During

                                                                                        Date      The Period

                       62 Capital corporate           5,000,000 03 Jan 25 $0.046        $230,000  $205,740
                       advisory

                       Pitt Street corporate          2,200,000 03 Jan 25 $0.046        $101,200  $79,851
                       advisory

8. INCOME TAX
(a) Income tax recognised in profit/loss
No income tax is payable by the Company as it recorded a loss for income tax purposes for the period.
(b) Numerical reconciliation between income tax expense and the loss before income tax.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                       34
                                                                                                                                           Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     The prima facie income tax expense on pre-tax accounting loss from operations reconciles to the income tax
                     expense in the financial statements as follows:

For personal use onlyAccounting loss before tax                                                                     2025            2024
                     Income tax expense calculated at 30.0% (2024: 30.0%) (i)                                           $               $
                     Non-deductible expenses
                     Tax losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised                              (7,601,225)     (2,846,367)
                     Other deferred tax assets and tax liabilities not recognised                           (2,280,368)       (853,910)
                     Effect of tax rates of subsidiaries in different jurisdictions                                             194,120
                                                                                                                674,960         715,251
                                                                                                              1,038,570        (55,461)
                                                                                                                                        -
                                                                                                                 72,620
                                                                                                                494,218

                     Income tax expense                                                                     -                       -

                     (c) Unrecognised deferred tax balances                                                 $               $
                     Deferred tax assets comprise:
                     Losses available for offset against future taxable income                                4,532,799      5,390,256
                     Blackhole expenditure                                                                      138,492          30,815
                     Accrued expenses                                                                            36,340          23,484
                     Employee entitlements                                                                         2,826           4,556
                     Superannuation payable                                                                          288             819
                     Other                                                                                           413             185
                     Deferred tax assets not recognised
                                                                                                            (4,711,158)     (5,450,115)
                     Deferred tax liabilities comprise:                                                                  -               -
                     Prepayments
                     FX gains                                                                                    -          (150,675)
                     Deferred tax liabilities not recognised                                                (294)                     -

                     (i) Reflects the tax rate of the Company. The corporate tax rate in Singapore is 17%.    294            150,675
                                                                                                                 -                    -

                     9. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                                 2025         2024
                                                                                                                      $             $
                     Cash at bank
                     Restricted cash                                                                        1,807,712        98,303
                                                                                                                       -    400,000
                     Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.
                                                                                                            1,807,712       498,303

                     (a) Reconciliation to the Statement of Cash Flows

                     For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at bank.

                     Cash and cash equivalents as shown in the statement of cash flows are reconciled to the related items in the
                     balance sheet as follows:

                     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    2025         2024
                                                                                                                      $             $

                                                                                                            1,807,712       498,303

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                            35
                                                                                         Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     (b) Reconciliation of loss after income tax to net cash flows from operating activities:

                                                                                   2025                        2024

                                                                                   $                              $

                     Loss for the year                                             (7,601,225) (2,846,367)

For personal use onlyNon cash flow items in loss for the year:

                     -  Depreciation and amortisation                              32,643                      34,074

                     -  Share based payment                                        1,421,890                   666,957

                     -  Leased Asset                                               (4,246)                     73,371

                     -  Foreign currency difference                                      -                     5,604

                     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

                     -  (Decrease) in other assets                                    (28,337)                   (224,697)
                                                                                       482,132                     185,799
                     -  Increase in trade and other payables                         (142,291)                     259,897
                                                                                        (7,833)                             -
                     -  (Decrease) / increase in contract liability                                                   2,872
                                                                                          1,429
                     -  (Decrease) in intangibles                                  (5,845,838)                 (1,842,490)

                     -  Increase in provisions

                     Cash flow used in operating activities

                     10. CONTRACT LIABILITY

                     At the beginning of the reporting period                         2025                        2024
                     Less recognized in revenue                                            $                          $
                     Cash advanced from customers
                                                                                   311,488                      51,549
                     11. PREPAYMENTS                                               266,311                             -
                                                                                    45,177
                                                                                   169,196                     259,939
                                                                                                               311,488

                     Trade Prepayments                                                 2025                       2024
                     Other Prepayments                                                     $                          $

                                                                                   385,118                     470,754
                                                                                    69,613                      12,243
                                                                                   454,731                     482,997

                     12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                             $                         $
                     Trade payables
                     Accrued expenses                                                825,887                   434,624
                     Other current liabilities                                       156,403                    68,856
                                                                                      22,698                    26,481
                     13. INTANGIBLE ASSETS                                         1,004,988                   529,961

                      Intangible assets ­ EMASS acquisition                        2025                        2024
                      Intangible assets - others
                                                                                   $                           $
                      Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                   10,492,474                  -

                                                                                   7,833                       -

                                                                                   10,500,307                  -

                                                                                                               36
                                                                                                                 Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements                  2025                                         2024

                      At the beginning of the reporting period                                                $      $
                      Additions on acquisition
                      Additions on R&D capitalisation                                                         -      -
                      At reporting date
For personal use only                                                   10,494,944                                   -

                                                                                                              7,833  -

                                                                        10,500,307                                   -

                     Acquisition of Embedded A.I. Systems Pte Ltd (EMASS)

                     On 18 March 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of 100% of the issued shares of Embedded A.I.
                     Systems Pte Ltd (EMASS), a Singapore-based developer of ultra-low power edge AI System-on-Chip (SoC)
                     technology. EMASS was assessed as not being a business and the acquisition has been accounted for as an
                     asset acquisition. As the consideration consisted of shares and performance rights, the principles of AASB 2
                     Share Based Payments have been applied.

                     Consideration Structure
                     The acquisition consideration comprised:

                          172,413,793 in ordinary shares, issued at a market price on transaction date of $0.053 per share, and

                          83,333,333 performance rights, subject to non-market vesting conditions.

                     Net tangible liability acquired amounted to SGD $16,986 (~AUD $20,308). As the transaction has been
                     accounted for as an asset acquisition, the total consideration transferred has been allocated to the identifiable
                     assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values. No goodwill has been recognised.

                     Component                               Units                      Valuation Basis                      AUD
                                                     172,413,793        $0.053 per share (arms-length                 $9,137,931
                     Ordinary shares                  83,333,333
                                                                                              negotiation)            $1,334,235
                     Performance rights (non-                            Refer to the valuation of A-C               $10,472,166
                     market)                                            Performance Rights in Note 7
                                                                    Total consideration transferred                     ($20,308)
                     Net other liabilities acquired  ­                SGD $16,986 (~AUD $20,308)                     $10,492,474
                                                                                                                     $10,472,166
                     Identifiable intangible assets  ­                                                     ­
                     recognised
                                                                             Total net asset acquired

                     Accounting Treatment ­ AASB 2 Share-based Payment

The fair value of the acquired asset was unable to be reliably estimated and therefore as the consideration was
provided in the form of equity instruments (ordinary shares and performance rights), the fair value of the
instruments issued was used to measure the cost of the asset acquired.

     Fair Value of Consideration Shares: $9,137,931, based on a market price on transaction date of 5.3
         cents per share, negotiated at arm's length between unrelated parties.

     Performance Rights: These relate to three tranches (Class A, B, and C), each subject to non-market
         vesting conditions, including technical completion, patent development, and revenue milestones. Each
         right converts into a number of shares based on a VWAP-based market conversion formula, where the

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                          37
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                              number of shares is calculated as $0.06 divided by the higher of the 20-day VWAP prior to milestone
                              achievement or $0.06.

                     Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the
                     company in proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. The fully paid ordinary shares
                     have no par value, and the company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital.

                     An independent valuation of the performance rights was performed by an external valuer, using a Monte Carlo
                     simulation to capture the market-linked conversion mechanism. The total fair value of the performance rights
                     was assessed at $1,334,235 (i.e. $444,745 per tranche). Management concluded that, in aggregate, vesting was
                     more likely than not (>50%), and thus the full fair value of $1,334,235 was recognised as part of the
                     consideration for the asset acquisition.

                     Performance Milestones

                     The 83,333,333 performance rights vest upon the achievement of three milestone conditions:

                          Class A: Completion of ECS-DoT based migration of the AI engine, meeting specified
                              power/performance criteria.

                          Class B: Filing and approval (or amendment) of patents related to Nanoveu's AI-driven 2D-to-3D SoC
                              conversion algorithm.

                          Class C: Execution of binding sales contracts resulting in $1 million cumulative revenue over a 12-
                              month period.

                     All milestones must be met prior to expiry on 18 March 2030.

                     Accounting policy for intangible assets

                     Intangible assets acquired separately are initially recognised at cost. Finite life intangible assets are subsequently
                     measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over
                     the estimated useful life of the asset, which reflects the pattern in which the asset's future economic benefits are expected to be
                     consumed.

                     The principal useful lives applied are as follows:

                          Acquired intellectual property: 5­10 years

                          Capitalised development costs: 5 years

                     Amortisation commences when the asset is available for use. Intangible assets not yet available for use are not amortised and are
                     tested annually for impairment in accordance with AASB 136.

                     Indefinite life intangible assets are not amortised and are tested annually for impairment. In the year ended 31 December 2025
                     the recoverable amount of the EMASS acquired intangible assets was estimated using the fair value less costs to sell approach.
                     With the fair value estimated based on the transaction price between two third parties negotiated on an arms length basis. The
                     useful lives and amortisation methods are reviewed at least annually.

                     14. LOAN RECEIVABLE

                     Interest Free Loan to Hongtai Sheng (HK) Technology Co. Ltd

                     The Company has provided an unsecured, interest-free loan of up to US$350,000 to Hongtai Sheng (HK)
                     Technology Co. Ltd, classified as a financial asset at amortised cost under AASB 9.

                     As at 31 December 2025, US$330,000 has been provided, with the remaining balance to be drawn over time.
                     The loan was initially recognised at fair value, determined by discounting the contractual cash flows using a
                     market-equivalent interest rate of 6%, with the difference recognised as an expense. Interest income is
                     recognised over the loan term, which matures on 31 July 2026, using the effective interest method, and the full
                     loan amount is expected to be repaid at maturity.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025  38
                                                                                  Nanoveu Limited

For personal use onlyNotes to the Financial Statements                                    2025             2024
                                                                                               $                $
                     15. ISSUED CAPITAL
                                                                                  41,365,082       23,527,372
                     Paid up capital ­ ordinary shares
                     Capital raising costs                                        (1,987,391)      (1,576,085)

                                                                                  39,377,691       21,951,287

                     987,087,553 (2024: 507,565,049) fully paid ordinary shares          2025             2024
                                                                                              $                $
                     At the beginning of the reporting period
                     Issue of shares ­ cash received                              39,377,691       22,351,287
                     Issue of shares ­ loan conversion
                     Issue of shares ­ EMASS acquisition                          21,951,287       19,718,290
                     Issue of shares ­ share based payments                        8,283,078        2,210,346
                     Less share issue costs
                     At reporting date                                                        -       150,000
                                                                                   9,137,932                   -
                     At the beginning of the reporting period                                                  -
                     Issue of shares ­ cap raise                                     416,700
                     Issue of shares ­ performance rights conversion               (411,306)        (127,349)
                     Issue of shares ­ loan conversion                            39,377,691       21,951,287
                     Issue of shares ­ EMASS acquisition
                     Issue of shares ­ share based payments                       No. of shares    No. of shares
                     At reporting date                                            507,565,049      401,577,967
                                                                                  256,888,711        90,987,082
                                                                                    40,080,000
                                                                                                                 -
                                                                                                -    15,000,000
                                                                                  172,413,793
                                                                                    10,140,000                   -
                                                                                  987,087,553                     -
                                                                                                   507,565,049

                     16. RELATED PARTIES

                     Transactions between related parties are on normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than
                     those available to other parties unless otherwise stated.

                     Parent entity

                     Nanoveu Limited is the parent entity.

                     Subsidiaries

                     Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 19

                     Key management personnel
                     Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in note 17 and the remuneration report included
                     in the directors' report.

                     The Group's related parties are as follows:

                     (i) Key management personnel (`KMP'):

                              Any person(s) having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities
                              of the Group, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of that
                              Group are considered key management personnel. For details of remuneration disclosures relating to
                              key management personnel, refer to Note 17.

                              Other transactions with KMP and their related entities are shown below.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                   39
                                                                                                                                           Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     (ii) Other related parties include close family members of key management personnel and entities that are
                              controlled or significantly influenced by those key management personnel or their close family
                              members. Refer to Note 17.

For personal use only(iii) Apart from reimbursements for expenses paid on behalf of the Group, director and fees paid directly
                              or indirectly to director related entities, there were no transactions or balances with KMP during the
                              years ended 31 December 2025.

                     17. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL                                     2025         2024
                                                                                           $            $
                     Key management personnel:
                     Short-term employee benefits                                   650,317      422,988
                     Superannuation & CPF                                            18,111       17,391
                     Share-based payments                                           988,257
                     Non-monetary benefits ­ directors' and officers' insurance      26,882      151,247
                                                                                                  25,044
                     Other related parties(1)                                     1,683,567      616,670
                     Short-term employee benefits
                     Superannuation & CPF                                           105,725       88,948
                     Other expense reimbursement                                     16,343       15,125
                                                                                             -    31,775
                                                                                                 135,848
                                                                                    122,068

                     Total                                                        1,805,635      752,518

                     Please see the Remuneration Report for further details.

                     (1) Other related parties represent amounts paid to close family members of key management personnel for
                          services provided to the Group on arm's length terms and in accordance with the Group's related party
                          policies.

                     18. PARENT ENTITY INFORMATION

                     (a) Information relating to Nanoveu Limited                          2025           2024
                                                                                              $               $
                     Current assets
                     Non-current assets                                              1,530,482        408,219
                     Total assets                                                      138,634                 -
                     Current liabilities
                     Non-current liabilities                                         1,669,116        408,219
                     Total liabilities                                                 431,852        467,738
                     Net assets                                                          71,891
                     Contributed equity                                                503,743                 -
                     Reserves                                                                         467,738
                     Accumulated losses                                              1,165,373        (59,519)
                     Total shareholders' equity
                                                                                    38,592,680     21,773,227
                                                                                          2,977     1,505,059
                                                                                                 (23,337,805)
                                                                                  (40,403,660)
                                                                                     1,165,373        (59,519)

                     Loss for the parent entity                                   (19,367,429)   (3,021,250)
                     Total comprehensive loss of the parent entity                (19,367,429)   (3,021,250)

                     (b) Guarantees

                     No guarantees have been entered into by the Company in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries. As at 31
                     December 2025 the parent entity had no contingent liabilities.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                 40
                                                                                                         Nanoveu Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements

(c) Commitments

Commitments of the Company as at reporting date are disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.

19. Subsidiaries

For personal use onlyThe consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Nanoveu Limited and the subsidiaries
                     listed in the following table:

                       Name                                   Country of    % Equity interest            % Equity interest
                                                            Incorporation           2025                         2024
                       Nanoveu Pte Ltd                                             100%                         100%
                       Nanoveu Sdn Bhd                         Singapore           100%                         100%
                       Fullveu Technology (HK) Ltd             Malaysia             51%                          51%
                       Nanoveu EMASS Pty Ltd              Hong Kong, China         100%                           0%
                       Embedded A.I. Systems Pte Ltd           Australia           100%                           0%
                       Embedded A.I. Systems Inc               Singapore           100%                           0%

                                                                  USA

                     Summarised financial information

                     Summarised financial information of the subsidiary with non-controlling interests that are material to the
                     consolidated entity are set out below:

                     Fullveu Technology (HK) Ltd                                               2025      2024

                      Summarised statement of financial postion                               55,573             133
                      Current assets                                                          389,361      258,664
                      Non-current assets                                                      444,934      258,797
                      Total assets

                       Current liabilities                                                    50,271        7,803
                       Non-current liabilities                                                747,928    331,109
                       Total liabilities                                                      798,199    338,912

                       Net assets                                                             (353,266)  (80,115)

                       Summarised statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income       0             0
                       Revenue                                                                (288,264)  (74,810)
                       Expenses

                       Loss before income tax expense                                         (288,264)  (74,810)
                       Income tax expense                                                          0             0

                       Loss after income tax expense                                          (288,264)  (74,810)

                       Other comprehensive income / loss                                        9,808     (5,305)
                       Total comprehensive loss                                               (278,456)  (80,115)

                       Other financial information                                            141,249    36,657
                       Loss attributable to non-controlling interests                         177,906    36,657
                       Accumulated non-controlling interests at the end of reporting period
                                                                                                               41
20. COMMITMENTS
The Group does not have any commitments not disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

                     21. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

For personal use onlyThe Group's financial situation is not complex. Its activities may expose it to a variety of financial risks in the
                     future: market risk (including currency risk and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and cash
                     flow interest rate risk. At that stage the Group's overall risk management program will focus on the
                     unpredictability of the financial markets and seek to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial
                     performance of the Group.

                     The Group holds the following financial assets and liabilities:

                     Financial Assets                                                              2025           2024
                     Cash and cash equivalents                                                          $           $
                     Trade and other receivables
                                                                                               1,807,712        498,303
                     Financial Liabilities                                                       465,965        495,596
                     Trade and other payables                                                                   993,899
                     Lease liability                                                           2,273,677
                                                                                                                841,448
                                                                                               1,004,988           6,334
                                                                                                 136,059
                                                                                                                847,782
                                                                                               1,141,047

                     (a) Market risk

                     Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                     The Group's main interest rate risk arises from cash and cash deposits. Deposits at variable rates expose the
                     Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Deposits at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.
                     During the period, the Group's deposits at variable rates were denominated in Australian and Singaporean
                     Dollars. The Group does not use derivatives to mitigate these exposures.

                     As at the reporting date, the Group had the following variable rate deposits and there were no interest rate swap
                     contracts outstanding:

                                                                       2025             2025         2024         2024
                                                                     weighted         Balance      weighted     Balance
                                                                     average                       average
                                                                   interest rate          $      interest rate      $

                                                                         %                             %

                     Cash and cash equivalents                     0.01%              1,807,712  0.01%          498,303
                     Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                     1,807,712                 498,303

                     The Group adopts a policy of ensuring that as far as possible it maintains excess cash and cash equivalents in
                     high bearing accounts.

                     Sensitivity

                     During the period, if interest rates had been 50 basis points higher or lower than the prevailing rates realised,
                     with all other variables held constant, there would be an immaterial change in post-tax profit for the year.

                     Foreign Exchange Risk Management

                     The Group is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies arising from the purchase of goods and services in
                     currencies other than the transacting entity's functional currency. The legal parent, Nanoveu Limited, holds
                     cash balances in AUD. As a result of this, the Group's statement of financial position can be affected by
                     movements in the USD/AUD and SGD/AUD exchange rate when translating to the USD and SGD functional
                     currency.

                     In respect of other monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies (AUD), the Group's policy
                     is to ensure that its net exposure is kept to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot
                     rates when necessary to address short-term imbalances.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                          42
                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements

As at 31 December 2025, the Group's exposure to foreign currency risk is not considered material and therefore
no sensitivity analysis has been presented.

                     (b) Credit risk

For personal use onlyThe Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. Cash transactions are limited to high credit quality
                     financial institutions, being major banks in Australia and Singapore.

                     Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as
                     credit exposures on outstanding receivables and committed transactions. In relation to other credit risk areas
                     management assesses the credit quality of the customer, taking into account its financial position, past
                     experience and other factors.

                     At the reporting date, there are no impaired trade receivables, and no trade receivables past due but not
                     impaired.

                     The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is loan receivable from Hongtai Sheng (HTS).

                     In accordance with AASB 7, the Group has assessed the credit risk of its financial assets, particularly the loan
                     receivable from Hongtai Sheng (HTS). The loan was initially recognized at fair value and discounted at 6%,
                     with interest income recognized over time.

                     HTS's ability to meet its repayment obligations by 31 July 2026 has been evaluated based on its financial
                     performance and profitability. Management has considered HTS's business operations, revenue streams, and
                     historical margins, which indicate strong cash generation potential. Given HTS's strong financial performance
                     and revenue streams, management considers the credit risk to be low, with no expected credit loss (ECL)
                     provision required. The Group continuously monitors HTS's financial position and will reassess credit risk
                     exposure as necessary.

                     (c) Liquidity risk

                     Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
                     Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient
                     liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring
                     unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

                     The Group manages liquidity risk by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the
                     maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. The Group will aim at maintaining flexibility in funding by
                     accessing appropriate committed credit lines available from different counterparties where appropriate and
                     possible. Surplus funds when available are generally only invested in high credit quality financial institutions
                     in highly liquid markets.

                     The carrying value of trade and other payables is deemed to represent contractual cash flows due to their short-
                     term maturity. Other financial liabilities do not have significant contractual cash flows apart from their carrying
                     amounts.

                                                 Carrying                         Less than 6     6-12 months More than 1 year
                                                  Amount                               months
                                                                                               $  $                          $
                                                           $
                       2025                                                         1,004,988            -         -
                       Trade and other payables  1,004,988                              27,359    36,809    71,891
                                                   136,059
                       Lease liabilities

                       Total                     1,141,047                        1,032,347       36,809    71,891

                                                 Carrying                         Less than 6     6-12 months More than 1 year
                                                  Amount                               months
                                                                                               $  $                          $
                                                           $
                       2024                                                           529,961     -                          -
                       Trade and other payables    529,961                               6,333
                       Lease liabilities              6,333                                       -                          -

                       Total                     536,294                          536,294         -                          -

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                             43
                                                                                  Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements

For personal use only(d) Capital Risk Management

                     The Group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising
                     the return to shareholders. The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to equity holders,
                     comprising issued capital and accumulated losses.

                     The Board reviews the capital structure on a regular basis and considers the cost of capital and the risks
                     associated with each class of capital. The Group will balance its overall capital structure through new share
                     issues as well as the issue of debt, if the need arises.

                     22. AUDITORS' REMUNERATION                                    2025    2024
                                                                                       $       $
                     Audit services - BDO
                     - Auditing or reviewing the financial report;                90,750  74,651
                                                                                  90,750  74,651

                     23. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE YEAR END

                     The following events occurred after the reporting date but before the financial statements were authorized for
                     issue:

                     Capital Raising Settlement

                     On 27 January 2026, the Company completed and settled a strategic placement pursuant to which 83,863,637
                     fully paid ordinary shares were issued at an issue price of $0.088 per share, raising $7,500,000 before costs.
                     The placement included one free-attaching option for every two new shares issued, with each option
                     exercisable at $0.15 and expiring three years from the date of issue.

                     An additional $120,000 placement to directors remains subject to shareholder approval and will be completed
                     following such approval.

                     Other than the matter disclosed above, no other significant events have occurred after the reporting date that
                     require disclosure.

                     Completion of 16nm ECS-DoT Tape-out

                     Subsequent to year end, the Company completed tape-out of its next-generation 16nm ECS-DoT system-on-
                     chip through its wholly owned subsidiary Embedded A.I. Systems Pte. Ltd. ("EMASS"). Following tape-out,
                     semiconductor fabrication commenced at TSMC. The tape-out represents a key milestone in the Company's
                     Edge AI semiconductor roadmap, transitioning the ECS-DoT program from design into production silicon.

                     Exclusive Evaluation Licence for Autonomous Drone Swarm Technologies

                     Subsequent to 31 December 2025, the Company announced that it had entered into an exclusive evaluation
                     licence agreement with Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, with an option to convert to an
                     exclusive worldwide licence, for four inventions in autonomous localisation and formation-control
                     technologies applicable to multi-drone and robotic swarm systems. The licence supports integration with the
                     Company's ECS-DoT platform and broader autonomy roadmap.

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025          44
For personal use only                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

                     Notes to the Financial Statements
                     Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement: 31 December 2025

                     Basis of preparation

                     The consolidated entity disclosure statement has been prepared in accordance with the s295(3A)(vi) and (vii)
                     of the Corporation Act 2001 for the financial year ended 31 December 2025. The CEDS includes the required
                     information for each entity that was part of the consolidated entity at the end of the financial year in accordance
                     with AASB 10 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                     Tax residency

                     Section 295(3B)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001 defines Australian resident as having the meaning in the
                     Income Tax Assessment Act 1997. The determination of tax residency involves judgement as there are
                     currently several different interpretations that could be adopted, and which could give rise to a different
                     conclusion on residency. Section 295 (3A)(a)(vii) requires the determination of tax residency in a foreign
                     jurisdiction to be based on the law of the foreign jurisdiction relating to foreign income tax.

                     In determining tax residency, the consolidated entity has applied the following interpretations:

                     Australian tax residency: Current legislation and judicial precent has been applied, including having regard
                     for the Tax Commissioners public guidance

                     Foreign tax residency: Where appropriate, independent tax advisors have been engaged to assist in the
                     determination of tax residency to ensure foreign tax legislations has been complied with.

                       Name             Entity    Incorporated/  Ownership              Australian     Foreign      Trustee,
                                        Type           Place       interest                  or      Jurisdiction  partner or
                       Nanoveu                                        %                                            participant
                       Limited          Body         Formed                             foreign tax       n/a
                                      Corporate                     100%                 resident                     in JV
                                                     Australia                              Yes                          -

                       Nanoveu          Body      Singapore                       100%  No           Singapore     -
                       Pte Ltd        Corporate

                       Nanoveu          Body       Malaysia                       100%  No           Malaysia      -
                       Sdn Bhd        Corporate                                   51%
                                                  Hong Kong,                      100%
                       Fullveu          Body         China                              No           Hong Kong, Participant
                       Technology     Corporate
                       (HK) Ltd                    Australia                                         China         in JV
                       Nanoveu          Body
                       EMASS Pty Ltd  Corporate                                         Yes          n/a           -

                       Embedded A.I. Body         Singapore                       100%  No           Singapore     -

                       Systems Pte Ltd Corporate

                       Embedded AI    Body        USA                             100%  No           USA           -

                       Systems Inc    Corporate

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                          45
                                                             Nanoveu Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements

DIRECTORS' DECLARATION

In the directors' opinion:

For personal use only   the attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the Accounting
                           Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting
                           requirements;

                        the attached financial statements and notes comply with Australian Accounting Standards as described
                           in Note 2 to the financial statements;

                        the attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the Group's financial position
                           as at 31 December 2025 and of its performance for the financial year ended on that date; and

                        in the Directors' opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay
                           its debts as and when they become due and payable having regard to the matter in note 2.3;

                        the Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement (CEDS) is true and correct in accordance with section
                           295(4)(da) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                     The directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                     Signed in accordance with a resolution of directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the Corporations Act
                     2001.

                     On behalf of the directors

                     Alfred Chong
                     Managing Director and CEO
                     27 February 2026

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                 46
                                                     Tel: +61 8 6382 4600  Level 9, Mia Yellagonga Tower 2
                                                     Fax: +61 8 6382 4601  5 Spring Street
                                                     www.bdo.com.au        Perth, WA 6000
                                                                           PO Box 700 West Perth WA 6872
                                                                           Australia

For personal use only  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

                       To the members of Nanoveu Limited

                       Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                       Opinion

                       We have audited the financial report of Nanoveu Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the
                       Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the
                       consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement
                       of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes
                       to the financial report, including material accounting policy information, the consolidated entity
                       disclosure statement and the directors' declaration.

                       In our opinion the accompanying financial report of the Group, is in accordance with the Corporations
                       Act 2001, including:

                       i) Giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 31 December 2025 and of its
                                financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

                       ii) Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                       Basis for opinion

                       We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                       those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the Financial
                       Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                       independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                       Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board's APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                       Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to audits of the financial
                       report of public interest entities in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                       accordance with the Code.

                       We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been
                       given to the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the
                       time of this auditor's report.

                       We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                       for our opinion.

                       Key audit matters

                       Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                       our audit of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
                       our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide
                       a separate opinion on these matters.

                       BDO Audit Pty Ltd ABN 33 134 022 870 is a member of a national association of independent entities which are all members of BDO
                       International Ltd, a UK company limited by guarantee, and form part of the international BDO network of independent member firms.
                       Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
For personal use only  Acquisition of Embedded A.I. Systems Pte Ltd ("EMASS")

                       Key audit matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit

                       As disclosed in Note 13 of the financial statements      Our procedures included, but were not limited to, the
                       during the year, Nanoveu Limited (Nanoveu) acquired      following:
                       semiconductor related intangibles assets held by
                       Embedded AI Systems Pte Ltd (EMASS) in exchange for       Assessing management's position as to whether
                       consideration of 172,413,793 Ordinary shares and               the transaction should be accounted for as an
                       83,3333,333 Performance Rights. This was a significant         asset acquisition or business combination
                       transaction for Nanoveu and there were a number of             including the consideration of the `concentration
                       issues that arose from this transaction. These                 test' as prescribed under AASB 3 Business
                       included:                                                      Combinations;

                        Consideration of whether EMASS constitutes a             Considering who was the acquirer in the
                             business. With this assessment requiring                 transaction;
                             judgement in applying the requirements of AASB
                             3 Business Combinations.                            Reviewing relevant agreements to obtain an
                                                                                      understanding of the contractual terms and
                        Fair value of the Assets acquired - The                       conditions of the acquisition transaction;
                             determination of the fair value of assets
                             acquired. There is a rebuttable presumption that    Assessing management's valuation of the
                             share-based payments are valued based on the             intangible asset;
                             fair value of assets acquired.
                                                                                 Evaluating the initial recognition of the intangible
                        Recognition of the intangible asset in accordance             asset in accordance with AASB 138 Intangible
                             with the requirements of AASB 138 Intangible             Assets;
                             Assets.
                                                                                 Consultations with internal accounting specialists
                       Due to the judgement involved in accounting for and            in relation to management's position on the
                       the significance of this transaction to the financial          accounting treatment of the acquisition
                       position of the Group we have assessed that it is a Key        transaction and
                       Audit Matter.
                                                                                 Reviewing the related disclosures in Note 13 of
                                                                                      the financial statements.

                       Other information

                       The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                       information in the Group's annual report for the year ended 31 December 2025 but does not include
                       the financial report and the auditor's report thereon.

                       Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any
                       form of assurance conclusion thereon.
For personal use only  In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                       and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                       report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                       If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                       other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                       Responsibilities of the directors for the Financial Report

                       The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:

                       a) the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting
                            Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and

                       b) the consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                            Corporations Act 2001, and

                       for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

                        i) the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement,
                             whether due to fraud or error; and

                       ii) the consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                             whether due to fraud or error.

                       In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the group to
                       continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                       going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                       operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

                       Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

                       Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                       from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that
                       includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                       audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                       misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                       if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                       decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                       A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the
                       Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website (http://www.auasb.gov.au/Home.aspx) at:

                       https://www.auasb.gov.au/media/bwvjcgre/ar1_2024.pdf

                       This description forms part of our auditor's report.
For personal use only  Report on the Remuneration Report

                       Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                       We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 13 to 19 of the directors' report for the
                       year ended 31 December 2025.
                       In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Nanoveu Limited, for the year ended 31 December 2025,
                       complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                       Responsibilities
                       The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                       Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility
                       is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                       Australian Auditing Standards.

                       BDO Audit Pty Ltd

                       Jackson Wheeler
                       Director

                       Perth, 27 February 2026
                                                                                           Nanoveu Limited

ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

For personal use onlyAdditional information required by the Australian Stock Exchange Ltd and not shown elsewhere in
                     this report is as follows. The information is current as at 23 February 2026.

                     Ordinary Shareholders

                     (a) Distribution of equity securities
                     The number of security holders by size of holding in each class are:

                                            Holders          Total Units                   % Issued Share
                                                                                                Capital
                       1 - 1,000             45                   7,534
                       1,001 - 5,000         51                 201,431                          0.00%
                       5,001 - 10,000        337               2,728,778                         0.02%
                       10,001 - 100,000     1,086             47,101,689                         0.25%
                       > 100,000             763             1,030,411,758                       4.36%
                       Totals               2,282            1,080,451,190                      95.37%
                                                                                               100.00%

                     (b) Twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities

                       Ref Holder Name                                                        Holding         %

                       1   MOHAMED MOSTAFA SABRY ALY                                         102,936,352    9.53%
                                                                                             49,275,000     4.56%
                       2   MR BILAL AHMAD                                                    47,388,930     4.39%
                                                                                             42,424,654     3.93%
                       3   BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <UOBKH R'MIERS>
                                                                                             41,879,434     3.88%
                       4   NORHAFIZAH BINTE HUD
                                                                                             32,500,000     3.01%
                       5   BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS
                           RETAILCLIENT>                                                     32,400,000     3.00%

                       6   MRS IFRAH NISHAT                                                  31,406,818     2.91%
                                                                                             30,000,000     2.78%
                       7   KOBALA INVESTMENTS PTY LTD <FERNANDO EDWARD
                           FAMILY A/C>                                                       22,000,000     2.04%

                       8   MR SUFIAN AHMAD                                                   21,014,345     1.95%
                                                                                             15,425,274     1.43%
                       9   DAVID PEVCIC                                                      14,557,434     1.35%
                                                                                             11,538,462     1.07%
                       10  DR ROSAMUND JULIAN BANYARD & MR PHILLIP STANLEY                   10,261,920     0.95%
                           HOLTEN <R BANYARD SUPER FUND A/C>                                 10,000,000     0.93%
                                                                                              9,317,742     0.86%
                       11  ORIGGIN VENTURES PTE LTD                                           8,895,750     0.82%
                                                                                              7,884,615     0.73%
                       12  CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                      7,562,891     0.70%

                       13  MR DAVID DOMINIC PEVCIC                                          548,669,62    50.78%
                                                                                           1,080,451,190  100.00%
                       14  DAVID DOMINIC PEVCIC

                       15  MR PHILLIP STANLEY HOLTEN

                       16  MR MORGAN J MCINNES

                       17  CLAYTON CAPITAL PTY LTD

                       18  FINCLEAR SERVICES PTY LTD <SUPERHERO SECURITIES A/C>

                       19  MR SUFIAN AHMAD <SIXTY TWO CAPITAL A/C>

                       20  J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED

                           Total

                           Total issued capital - selected security class(es)

                     Voting Rights
                     Each member entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy or by attorney and on a show of hands. Every
                     person who is a member or a representative or a proxy of a member shall have one vote and on a poll every
                     member present in person or by proxy or attorney or other authorised representative shall have one vote for
                     each share held.

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                           51
                                                                                                   Nanoveu Limited

ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

For personal use only(c) Unmarketable parcels
                     There were 220 holders, with a total shareholding of 939,366 ordinary shares, of less than a marketable parcel
                     of ordinary shares.

                     (d) Substantial shareholders
                     The names of the substantial shareholders disclosed to the Company as substantial shareholders are:

                     Ordinary shareholders                                                Number                              %
                      Holder Name                                                     102,936,352                         9.53%
                      Mohamed Mostafa Sabry Aly                                        58,218,973                         5.39%
                      David Dominic Pevcic

                     (e) Share Buy-Backs
                     There is no current on-market buy-back scheme.

                     Listed options

                     The listed options of Nanoveu Limited under option are as follows:

                              Expiry Date                             Exercise Price           Number of shares under option
                              09/05/2027                                  $ 0.045                           68,809,678

                     $0.045, expiry 09 May 2027 listed options

                       Holding Ranges                                 Holders         Total Units  % Issued Share Capital
                       above 0 up to and including 1,000                  2                 2                    -
                       above 1,000 up to and including 5,000              1
                       above 5,000 up to and including 10,000             1              5,000                0.01%
                       above 10,000 up to and including 100,000          38              10,000               0.01%
                       above 100,000                                     54            2,166,561              3.15%
                       Totals                                            96           66,628,115             96.83%
                                                                                      68,809,678            100.00%

                     No holder held 20% or more of the listed options as at 23 February 2026.

                     Unquoted Equity Securities

                     Options

                     The unissued ordinary shares of Nanoveu Limited under option are as follows:

                       Expiry Date               Exercise Price                       Number of shares under option
                       31/12/2026                    $ 0.050                                       93,446,958
                       30/01/2027                    $ 0.025                                       23,352,940
                       14/02/2027                    $ 0.025                                       12,352,941
                       20/08/2028                    $ 0.100                                        5,000,000
                       27/01/2029                    $ 0.150                                       56,931,835
                       06/01/2030                    $ 0.025                                        5,000,000
                       06/01/2030                    $ 0.035                                        5,000,000
                                                                                                  269,894,352

                     Unlisted options do not carry any voting rights

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                               52
                                                                                                                      Nanoveu Limited

ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

For personal use onlyDistribution of Option Holders
                     $0.050, expiry 31 December 2026 unlisted options

                       Holding Ranges                                             Holders          Total Units        % Issued Share
                       above 0 up to and including 1,000                                                                   Capital
                       above 1,000 up to and including 5,000                          -                  -                     -
                       above 5,000 up to and including 10,000                         -                  -                     -
                       above 10,000 up to and including 100,000                       -                  -                     -
                       above 100,000                                                  3              296,153                0.32%
                       Totals                                                        26            93,150,805              99.68%
                                                                                     29            93,446,958             100.00%

                     No holder held 20% or more of the listed options as at 23 February 2026.                         % Issued Share
                                                                                                                           Capital
                     $0.025, expiry 30 January 2027 unlisted options                                                           -
                                                                                                                               -
                       Holding Ranges                                             Holders          Total Units                 -
                       above 0 up to and including 1,000                                                                       -
                       above 1,000 up to and including 5,000                          -                  -                100.00%
                       above 5,000 up to and including 10,000                         -                  -                100.00%
                       above 10,000 up to and including 100,000                       -                  -
                       above 100,000                                                  -                  -
                       Totals                                                         6            23,352,940
                                                                                      6            23,352,940

                     Holders of greater than 20% or more of these unlisted options are as follows:

                     - Sufian Ahmad 4,823,529
                     - Fadi Diab 7,352,941

                     $0.025, expiry 14 February 2027 unlisted options

                       Holding Ranges                                             Holders          Total Units        % Issued Share
                       above 0 up to and including 1,000                                                                   Capital
                       above 1,000 up to and including 5,000                          -                  -                     -
                       above 5,000 up to and including 10,000                         -                  -                     -
                       above 10,000 up to and including 100,000                       -                  -                     -
                       above 100,000                                                  -                  -                     -
                       Totals                                                         4            12,352,941             100.00%
                                                                                      4            12,352,941             100.00%

                     Holders of greater than 20% or more of these unlisted options are as follows:

                     - Agha Shahzad Pervez 4,705,883

                     $0.10, expiry 20 August 2028 unlisted options

                       Holding Ranges                                             Holders          Total Units        % Issued Share
                       above 0 up to and including 1,000                                                                   Capital
                       above 1,000 up to and including 5,000                                    -                  -                     -
                       above 5,000 up to and including 10,000                                   -                  -                     -
                       above 10,000 up to and including 100,000                                 -                  -                     -
                       above 100,000                                                            -                  -                     -
                       Totals                                                                   2       5,000,000              100.00%
                                                                                                2       5,000,000              100.00%

                     Holders of greater than 20% or more of these unlisted options are as follows:

                     - Sufian Ahmad 2,500,000
                     - Evolution Capital Pty Ltd 2,500,000

                     Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                      53
                                                                                                            Nanoveu Limited

ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

$0.15, expiry 27 January 2029 unlisted options

For personal use only  Holding Ranges                                 Holders                  Total Units  % Issued Share
                       above 0 up to and including 1,000                                                         Capital
                       above 1,000 up to and including 5,000              -                          -               -
                       above 5,000 up to and including 10,000             1                       3,552           0.01%
                       above 10,000 up to and including 100,000           -                                          -
                       above 100,000                                     50                          -            4.68%
                       Totals                                            56                     2,662,116        95.32%
                                                                        107                    54,266,167       100.00%
                                                                                               56,931,835

                     No holder held 20% or more of the listed options as at 23 February 2026.

                     $0.025, expiry 06 January 2030 unlisted options

                       Holding Ranges                                 Holders                  Total Units  % Issued Share
                       above 0 up to and including 1,000                                                         Capital
                       above 1,000 up to and including 5,000              -                          -               -
                       above 5,000 up to and including 10,000             -                          -               -
                       above 10,000 up to and including 100,000           -                          -               -
                       above 100,000                                      -                          -               -
                       Totals                                             1                     5,000,000       100.00%
                                                                          1                     5,000,000       100.00%

                     Holders of greater than 20% or more of these unlisted options are as follows:
                     - Sufian Ahmad 5,000,000

                     $0.035, expiry 06 January 2030 unlisted options  Holders                  Total Units  % Issued Share
                                                                                                                 Capital
                      Holding Ranges                                      -                          -               -
                      above 0 up to and including 1,000                   -                          -               -
                      above 1,000 up to and including 5,000               -                          -               -
                      above 5,000 up to and including 10,000              -                          -               -
                      above 10,000 up to and including 100,000            1                     5,000,000       100.00%
                      above 100,000                                       1                     5,000,000       100.00%
                      Totals

                     Holders of greater than 20% or more of these unlisted options are as follows:
                     - Sufian Ahmad 5,000,000

                     Performance Rights

                     The Company has a total of 118,010,833 Performance Rights on issue. Performance Rights to not carry any
                     voting rights.

Analysis of number of the performance rights holders by size of holding:

                       Holding Ranges                                 Holders  Total Units                  % Issued Share
                       above 0 up to and including 1,000                                                         Capital
                       above 1,000 up to and including 5,000              -           -                              -
                       above 5,000 up to and including 10,000             -           -                              -
                       above 10,000 up to and including 100,000           -           -                              -
                       above 100,000                                      2       42,000                          0.03%
                       Totals                                            14    137,968,833                       99.97%
                                                                         16    138,010,833                      100.00%

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                 54
                                                             Nanoveu Limited

                     ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

For personal use onlyHolders of greater than 20% or more of these unlisted rights are as follows:

                     - Dr Mohamed Mostafa Sabry Aly 49,752,570

                     The Performance Rights may be exercised (unless expired or lapsed) if the Performance Criteria have been
                     met within the Performance Period or in limited other circumstances as set out in the Rule

                     Other Information
                     Nanoveu Limited, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a public listed Company limited by shares

Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                  55
